You know what I do is write for kids, and in fact, probably I'm the author for kids, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people I don't want to seem like a scientist.
I can travel like a farmer or with leather clothes, and nobody has chosen a farmer.
I'm here today to talk to you about circles and employees.
And you know that an epiphany is generally something that you get in some place.
You just have to go back to the apple to see it as a stress.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Buddhash did.
It's the complicated circle of what I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the '60s in the middle school, in Stage, Ohio where I was the rare of the class.
When they beat up every week in the bathroom bathroom, until a teacher saved me life.
She saved my life by letting me go into the teacher room.
I did it in secret.
three-year-old years.
I had to go from the city.
I had a public, and 85 dollars, and I ended up in San Francisco, California -- I found a lover -- and in the '70s, I felt the need to start working in organizations fighting AIDS.
About three or four years ago, half at night I got a phone call from that teacher, the lady Peter who said, "I need to see you.
I'm a journalist that we never got to know about.
You could come to Ohio and please bring that man who I know you've found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I'd like you to stick with this please.
Well, the next day we were in California.
We went to see it, we were laughing, and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
We found a place, we interviewed it, and we took it out of their family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman who wanted to know as an adult came to meet me, he became a centimeter box and he was standing in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed up, had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I talked to you about was made in the present itself.
So death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I saved the one.
And you know that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
I need truth and beauty, and I'm very happy today that today you talk a lot about this.
It also needs -- it needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work providing those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, connection is very important to me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and that everything is interconnected.
I first went to Antarctica about 10 years ago, and I saw my first chips.
I was awesome.
My heart fast, I was married, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The emissions around my water started out of the water almost 60 meters. And I couldn't even think that it was a little bit of snow on another coast of snow about a year after year.
The chips are born when they get rid of the glaciers or they break the ice barriers apart.
Each plastic has its own individual personality.
They have a different way to interact with their environment and their experiences.
Some of you will be reduced and spread up to the end, while others can't afford them more and they become a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, when you look at a plastic, which are sensitive to separate and alone, in large measure as we see us sometimes as humans.
But the reality is the opposite.
As a thermography melts, I'm breathing your ancestral atmosphere.
As a tag melts, it releases rich fresh water in minerals that feed many forms of life.
I was going to photograph these champions as if it was about the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that at the only moment there are only like that and not going to exist that way again.
It's not death when you melt it, it's not an end, but a continuation of your way through the cycle of life.
Part of the authors that I photographed is very young, it has a couple thousand years.
Another part of the ice is over 100,000 years.
The last pictures I'd like to show you are from a plastic that I photographed in Kenyans Greenland.
It's unlikely to actually get to press a robotic plastic.
Here it is.
You can see on the left a little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your floating line.
You can see here, start robbing it, the ship has moved to the other side, and the man is standing there.
This is a tone of Greeks, of average size.
Holiday of water about 120 feet or 40 meters.
This video is in real time.
And so you know, the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, each one of them will contain a baby, OK.
So, two couples each one with a baby.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of conception, because if you stop thinking about conception, you're not going to pay attention.
Think about that for a moment.
And on this stage, I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosome and the sperm is attached to the X chromosome of the car.
And in the other case, the X chromosome of sperm joined the X chromosome of the car.
They both predict and start life.
We'll go back to talk about them later.
In my land activity will be two roles.
In one of my roles I work with the history of anatomy.
I'm a historian for training, and what I study in this case is the way people would embrace anatomy -- say, of human bodies and animals, how they've considered corporate fluid, the idea of the body, what they've thought about the body.
The other role that you do in my work is an activist, as a patient advocate or as I say sometimes -- definitely definitely of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working, for example, with signature twins, two people inside of a body.
I've worked with people with embryos, much more low than average.
And I've worked with a lot of cases of apple sex -- individuals whose physical ethic doesn't fit on male and conventional female systems.
In general lines, we can call it interesting.
Interesting adopted many forms.
I'm going to put them some examples of ways to have a sex that doesn't fit in the male or female common forms.
For example, there is the case of the individual conservative base of X-ray whose childhood gene. And it tells the programs that we all have in the fecal life, which becomes temperatures.
And then, in fecal life, testicles produce testosterone.
But since this individual lacks of testosterone, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the insulin of insulin to advertising.
So there are high levels of testosterone but no reaction.
As a consequence, the body is developed following a typical female course.
When I was born, the baby is a little girl.
It's a girl. It's raised as a girl.
And often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing and developing the breast, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes that something is happening.
And after doing tests you realize that instead of having angers and temperature, it actually has testicles and a chromosome and ...
The important thing to understand is that you can think about a man, but it really isn't.
Women, like men, we have in the body something called the substance of supermarkets.
They're in the back of the body.
Glacies support advertising, the hormone of manufacturing.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman, I don't know his competitive structure, I believe being a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to advertising.
We produce advertising and respond to advertising.
As a result, somebody like me has the most exposed brain to the advertising than the woman who was born with temperatures who have the indication of insulin to the adverse.
So sex is a complicated thing. It's not that internals are in the middle of the spectrum, in some ways they can be everywhere.
Another example, a few years ago I got a call from a 19-year-old boy born and raised as a vaccine, I had girlfriend, and sexual relationships with her, I carried a life as a boy and I just discovered that I had supplies and therapy.
It had an extreme form of a known disease as homophobic supporting concerts.
He had the 20th companies and the grandmaster supporting they were so active that in essence, they created a male hormone environment.
As a result, their genital were manufactured, their brain was exposed to the typical male component of the male component of the hormone component of the hormone component of the hormone component of the hormone component of the hormone component of the hormone component of the hormone component of the hormone component of the hormone component of the hormone component of the hormone component of the hormone component of the
It was born with a little kid, nobody supports anything.
And it was at the age of 19, when I started having medical problems caused by the internal memory, when the doctors found that in fact, it was woman inside.
Well, another quick example of a case of intellectual interpretation.
Some people with chromosomes are developing what is known as an available, which is to say, they have illegal tissue wrapped in therapeutic tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are lots of sex.
The reason that children with these kinds of bodies -- they are embracing, silent twins, or intellectual surgery, they are going to take birth to birth surgeries not to be able to get a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason you get to various surgeries is that they're a threat for our social categories.
The system normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings up a particular identity.
We have the idea that being woman is to have female identity, supposedly being black means to have African anatomy in historical terms.
A terribly simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with charters.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture in our culture.
Our nation is based on a very romantic internal internet.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children who are born like two people inside of a body.
The most cute case is last year with the South African Carrence corridor, Camera Seattle, was put in the fabric of judgment his sex in the International Gandhi of Berlin.
A lot of journalists called to wonder, "What are you going to do to determine whether Peter Seattle is man or woman."
And I had to explain to the journalists that there is no test.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't bring a shot between men and women or men and women and women and interactions and interactions, and we are all of us who we brought that line.
So what we have is a situation where the longer the science advances, the more we have to admit that these categories -- we thought were stable antibodies that correlate directly with stable intellectual categories -- they're much more diverse than we thought about.
And not just in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that happens much more complicated than the terminology allows it.
As we see, we get into a horizontal terrain.
Let's see, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of DNA with chimpanzees.
What do we learn from the fact of changing them in just a few nuclear.
And as we program in science we get increasingly increasingly in an awkward area where we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that we are going to supply are probably too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all the realm of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and at the end of life.
It's hard to spend a moment from which a body becomes human, and it has different rights from the fields.
There are very apple discussions today -- not in public today, but I know within medicine, it comes to when someone considers dead.
Our ancestors never had to be afraid with this question of whether someone was dead.
Like a lot of you put a pen in front of the nose, and if you moved you still didn't get it.
If I stopped moving it out.
But today, for example, to extract vital organs from a body and put it into another body.
And as a result, we need to face the dilemma of actually determine somebody's death, and this puts us in a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And maybe you think that this category explosion could take someone like me.
In politics I'm a protocol, I'm going to give people an unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I get nervous.
It would be that these categories are much more unstable.
I feared from the concept of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I'm an adaptation of the Parkinson's parents.
I know they were racist -- I know they were sexuality, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and audacious, and so radical in what they did -- that I find that so much look at that company crazy "Come and not because of the music, which is totally happening.
That's why it happened in 1976, with the Parkinson's parents.
The Facebook fathers were for me, the first activist activists and explained why.
What they rejected was an amazing concept and replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And, like all remember, what our parents reject our Facebook was the idea of monitor. monarchy is based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy.
The monarchs of the old world didn't know DNA, but they had clear the idea of right to birth.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that he became the political power on the political right of the grandmother to the father and then the son, etc.
The Facebook fathers rejected that idea and replaced it for a new anti-power concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They picked up the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common and not the anatomic differences. That was something very radical.
And in part they were doing it because they were part of an integrated system where they were being described two things.
The democracy was described and at the same time that science was born.
And it's very clear -- if we look at the story of the Parkinson's parents, that many were very interested in science and in the idea of a natural world.
They were getting away from solitary explanations and because they reject the concept of sustainable power being transmitted by the idea of an idea of right to birth.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if you look, for example, the Declaration of India, talk about nature and God's God.
Don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in consequence we were transferring the idea of the anatomic coincidence.
And by doing that, they were sitting the foundations of the future Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think that way, but they did it for us, and it was great.
And what happened next?
And women were traveling.
Then I came the success of the Civil Rights movement with people from Sandy Trivia, which said, "I'm not a woman."
We found men in the rows of the Civil Rights movement saying, "I'm a man."
Again, people from color that fit the anatomic coincidence on the analytical difference and, again, they were transport.
We see the same with the Disease movement.
The problem is, of course, as we look at the contemporary, we have to start asking why we keep them certain divide.
But attention, I want to keep some anatomic divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't want to say that we need to come up with anatomy.
I don't mean that the five year-old children had been allowed to have sex relationships or married.
There are some anatomic divisions that for me make sense and I think we should keep it.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why they keep them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two presents at the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings, both conventions in the middle of 1973, exactly the same day.
Imagine that one of them, Mary was born three months before time, June 1, 1980.
Henry on the contrary, I was born in terms of March 1, 1980.
For the only fact that I was born three months before Mary was attributed all the rights three months before Henry -- right to the sexual consent, the right to the vocabulary, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all of that not because he has a different biological age, but because he was born later.
We found other roots in relation to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered man -- well, I haven't told you if it's X-ray in virtue of being considered man now is a passion of the mandatory analogy that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mark, for your part, doesn't have the same rights right to marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all the states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman just in some states.
So we still think of anti-power categories that in several aspects are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is: What do we do now that science is going to move so much in the field of anatomy that we got to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on anatomy could be disappeared.
I don't want to go back to science, but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is escape.
Where are we going to go?
It seems that what happens in our culture is a kind of presidential attitude, "Well, we need to bring the line somewhere, so we're going to do it."
But a lot of people are trapped in a rare position.
For example, Texas at some point has decided that to marry a man doesn't have to be chromosomes and that to marry a woman you have to have chromosomes and ...
Now, in practice, they don't make tests to people.
But this is also very strange because the story I told you about the beginning of the insulin syndrome to the advertising.
If we look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech, "I have to give you a solution.
He says that we should judge people -- not in the color of their skin, but in the contents of their card, go beyond the anatomy of their card.
And I want to say, "Yeah, the idea seems very good.
But in practice, how do you do?
How do you judge people based on the content of their character.
I want to point out also that I'm not sure that we should be based on this to guarantee people, because I've been able to admit that I know from some galaxies who would probably deserve more the social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some letters that I know can make more informal and smart decisions about their sexual relationships that people from 40 I know.
So how do you put it in practice the subject content content."
It turns out very hard.
And a part of me is wondering what happens if the character of a person could in the future be measured with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic resonance player.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States continues to take this current thinking in relation to the subject of democracy.
We've done a good job in definition of democracy, and I think we will do a good job in the future.
We don't live -- for example, in a context like the Iranian in which a man who feels attracted to other men is susceptible to being killed by being killed, unless he's willing to shake a sex change, in whose case it will be allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that I'd made a couple of years ago that I had done to give light twins and then separate them and look at his family.
But when the phone asked her the reason of the operation, I was a very risky operation -- I was told that in that other country, these kids would be very lucky, and therefore I had to do it.
To what he said, "Well, has the political plastic consider the political scale instead of spiritual separate?
The United States offers huge possibilities to people to be who are without forcing to change for the sake of the state.
So I think we need to be in the head.
Well, to end up I mean I've been talking a lot about the parents.
And I want to think about how democracy would be, or as it could have been, if we had given more involvement to the mothers.
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist thing, and I think that there can be different ideas coming from different anatomic traits, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since years ago, since I've been interested in interpretation, I've also been interested in research the sexual difference.
And one of the things that has been interested in is the differences between men and women in the way to think and operate in the world.
And what we know about the transformational studies is that women, in average, not everyone, but in average, tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to occupy those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
And years ago, when I was in the poetry, one of my attacks I knew I was interested in feminist -- and I was thinking about feminist -- like now, I made a strange plant.
"Tell what the feminist has about female?
And I thought, "It's the most silly question I've ever heard.
Feminism has to do with getting rid of gender stereotypes so that there is nothing female in the family.
But the more I think of your question, the more I have seemed like there's something female about feminism as well.
I mean, there could be something, in average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more alert to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So while the parents were very reluctant to find the way to protect people in the state of the state, it's possible that, if I have inspired more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with the support of the support of the support.
And maybe that's what we need to do in the future when we get democracy beyond anatomy -- think less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and think more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect Union, we think about what we do for each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to rethink how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where they want to go to live and work and have the possibility to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new resources.
Well, right now, we're far away from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't count with a single city willing to get it.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they value much more than their construction cost.
So we could easily deliver the world tens of the world, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But we just replaced by apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of you who wanted to live in apartments already were proposed and that the other half still would fail to do it.
You could try to increase the ability to do amplify in all existing buildings.
But you know that the problem that you face is that those buildings and areas that surround them have rules to avoid mountains and the distribution of construction.
So it would be very difficult to do all those embryos.
But you could go to a whole new place, building a whole new apartment building, always and when the rules of that place facilitate the construction instead of putting it out.
So I proposed that governments created new enough areas of big enough to contain cities and gave them a name, cities under status.
Later, I learned that more or less at the same time, Jim and Obama were thinking about the challenge of replacing Honduras.
They knew that every year about 75,000 honor came out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009, I went through a competitive computer crisis.
In the next choices of regular choices, Peter Linda became sustainable -- with a platform in which I promised reforms and at the same time.
I asked Obama to be his head of galaxies.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk in TEDGlobal.
Through a process of presumption, trial and error and a huge amount of testing with users, trying to reduce this complicated concept of cities under state to their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of rules, like those rules that say you can't go and migrate all of the current applications of apartments in it.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but it takes both technologies as well as rules to progress, and usually they're the rules that are going to prevent us.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala sent to eighth a link with the TEDTalk.
I showed it to Japan.
They called me.
They said, "Let's look at this to the leaders of our country."
So in December we met in Miami in a conference room of a hotel.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this picture that shows the value of the land in a place like New York City, and the land that in some cases, worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion and at some point, when there was a pause, Obama said, "Well, maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk.
And the talk described in very simple terms, that a city under standard is a place where it starts with restriction terrain, a statue that specifies the rules that apply there and an option for people to choose whether they want to go or not live under those rules.
So the president of honor called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the path for our own country.
He asked me to go to Tesla's and talk again about four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, that I tried to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Denrish and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denrert.
Only this airport covers over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the hotels that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that is at least 1,000 square miles.
That's over 100,000 acres.
The whole world is closed.
The faces of the audience were very serious and attacks.
The leader leader came to the platform and said, "Professor Rome, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk.
I have this in my computer.
So I sat and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explains the essentials that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There will be a choice of a city that you could go to be in Honduras. Instead of hundreds of miles away from North north.
And it also includes new options for leaders.
Because the leaders of the House government needed help of associated countries, they could benefit from the associated countries that would help them establish and make the standards of the statue, so that everybody could trust that the statue effectively turned out.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is there.
It could easily leverage about a thousand square miles.
And shortly after, 19 percent of January, they voted in Congress to train their Constitution and add a constitutional arrangement that allowed to create these special development regions.
In a country that had just gone through this painful crisis, the voting in Congress in favor of this computer final was 125 to one.
All the parties in society, all the fascists in society, respect.
To include the Constitution, you have to take twice in Congress.
February 17th, again in another voting of 1950, from 1850 to one.
Immediately after the voting of 21 to 24 percent of February, a defense of about 30 hospitals went to the two places in the world that are more interested in engaging cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new big center of the city that's built in South Korea, bigger than the Boston center.
Everything you see there was built in four years, after they spent four years to get the permission out.
The other country in building cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've been building two cities in China and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this practical way, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They are preparing a legal system that allowed hackers to come from, and at the same time allow them to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already been committed to allow his Supreme Court to be the last line for this new judicial system.
There are urban universities and cities that are very interested in the project.
You can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know is that they have a good number of harmships.
There are many companies who wanted to install in the Americas, especially in a place with a free commercial zone, and there are a lot of people who would like to go live there.
In the world there are 700 million people who say they would like to change the other place.
There's a million a year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave behind their family to go to get a job, sometimes they are soldiers who have to earn money for so only eating or buying clothes.
Unfortunately, sometimes there are even kids who are trying to meet with their parents who haven't seen in some cases, in a decade.
So what do you think about building a new city in Hollywood.
Or build a dozen of these, or a control of these around the world?
What does it look like to think about insisting so that families can choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents."
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my Dutch friends asked me to say, "Thank you TED.
I'm Jerusale, and this is my volume.
But before I show you what is inside, I'm going to make a public competition, and it is that, I live obsessed with the trains.
I love to find, to travel, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog brought and controlled and colorful and different for every occasion.
But I didn't buy anything new.
All my clothes is a second hand of pigeon markets and second hands.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my balance in the environment and in my bicycle.
I get to know interactive people, usually my money goes to a good cause. My aspect is unique, and buying it back into my own personal search search.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
It's going to be from my stranger?
I would like color.
It cost less than 20 dollars?
If all of the answers are positive, then I feel that I've won.
Going back to the theme of my voice, I want to tell you what emerged for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what does someone have all that robot?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought in.
I've brought seven pieces of clothing inside and nothing else.
Robotic in exactly a week is everything I've put in my pocket.
I thought it would be able to find everything else I'd like to use after I got here to Paul Sculp.
And since you don't know how the woman walking through TED in the inner clothes,  that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the set for this week.
Doesn't it sound interesting.
As I do, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that I believe or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothing.
Let's start with Sunday.
This is called a bright tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see well.
You can almost always see it phenomenal for less than 50 dollars.
The whole set -- including the jacket -- it costs me 55 -- and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Long, the color is energy.
It's almost pretty impossible to be in bad humor when you're looking at a bright red screen.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars, integration is surprised.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
I just know yourself.
If you get out of the right people, not just understand you, you will also appreciate you.
Miklos: Wow.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to play the discussions, or I remember them for seven of seven years.
I like to be supporting and saying, "Thank you.
Hi. trust is key.
If you think you look good with something, it's almost safe that you are.
And if you think you don't look good with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years that I really understood their meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and outside, there's no view you can't catch up.
So there's no excuse for anybody in this audience.
We need to be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Video: A universal truth six words for you -- the rapid legislators go with everything.
And finally, Saturday, developing a personal style and only is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people approached me this week just by what I was using, and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously all of this is not going to go into my little volume.
So before I go home, Browner. I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave some things.
I don't need to get emotionally to these things, because along the corner, there will always be another crazy suit, color and brilliant spirit, if there's a little love in my heart and look for.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two parts.
The left side, which is the logical part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we use a scale to measure the scope of each hemisphere we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be someone who is completely crazy.
This would be someone who is totally intuitive.
So where do you get your brain on this scale?
Some opt by one of these extremes -- but I think for most of the interconnections of this audience, your brain is something like that, with a great deal in both blocks at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually exposure.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider one of those people, as most of the other experimental quantum physicists, we need a lot of logic to connect these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need a lot of intuition to make the experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuitively, well, we like to play with things.
We get to play with them, and then we see as a reaction, and then we develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
So some intuition that you can have developed over the years is the one that says that one thing can be only in one place at a time.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you're not born with this notion -- the development of it.
I remember looking at a kid playing in a parking bar.
It was a small child, and I didn't do it very good, always carried.
But I bet that playing with that parking bar show you a valuable lesson, and it is that big things don't allow the transitions, and they will stay in a place.
This is a big conceptual model that you can have in the world, except you are a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play with parking bars, play with these strange little particles.
And when you play with your particles, you find that they do all kinds of really rare things -- as they can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations and they called the quantum mechanics.
At that point, the physics was found a few years ago, they needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But they didn't need it to describe the big objects that surround us every day.
That's not really good to my intuition, and maybe it's because it doesn't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes playing with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, I never saw a particles.
But it doesn't really adjust my logical part.
Because if it's all made of little particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then I shouldn't all follow the principles of quantum mechanics, right?
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I felt much better if I could somehow prove that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a quantum mechanics.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green point right in the middle.
That's the metal piece that I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to expand it a little bit -- it's right in the center.
And then here we do a very big approach to the small metal triangle.
What we see is a little bit of metal period, with a form of transportation and supporting supported on a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip, and I put all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to do this crisis with a form of narrative plate that is under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum substance, but for it to need a little bit of help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how unusual it is to be in an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in an elevator alone, I do all kinds of weird things, but then when other people choose to stop doing those things, because I don't want them to bother them, or actually scare it.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The journey of journey of inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that shakes it and the wind that happens to your side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this little bit of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to go to all the other passions.
And that's what we did.
We took the lights down, then we introduced a superconductor and we extract all the air, and then we face it into a temperature of less than a degree above absolute zero.
Now, by being only in the electronics, the little piece of metal is free to act as it wants.
So we measure their movements.
We found that it moves in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly framework, I was vibrating -- and the way that I saw it was like a breath like this -- like a flag that expands and comes on.
And by giving you a little push, we could make it rape and not vibrate at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean to be vibrating and not vibrating at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In a case, all of the tricks of atoms that you put that piece of metal are framework, and at the same time those atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in certain points when those are advanced.
In the rest of time they're desperately.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
I was worth going on in a clean room to do this for all those years, because you look at this, the difference in scale between one shot, and that piece of metal is more or less the same as the difference between that little bit of metal and you.
So if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of metal can be in two different places. Why not you too?
I mean, it's my logical part that I talk about.
So imagine if you were in several places at the same time. How would that be that?
How do you accept your consciousness if your body was distributed in space?
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we heat it, and we turn out the lights and look inside the box, we saw that the metal stays there in one piece.
And I could get to this new intuition -- apparently, all of the objects in the audience are actually just quantum objects that are just hardwired in a small space.
You hear a lot about the fact that quantum mechanics claim that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not that true.
It's more profound than that.
It's that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are, and that's the deep quality of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Frank.
And 18 months ago I did another work in Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss that's here and that allowed me to take it back to it.
I was 18 months old.
A lot of negotiations and stories -- I assure you, with 17 very interesting museums of nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on the demo here.
There's a lot of stories about why we did.
I think my own story is explained just on this slide and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
Good of a great education -- I didn't complain me, but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museums. I started learning a lot.
And working at Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a big team of people, and we started doing it.
Better than I show the demo and then explain to you a couple of interesting things that we've carried on from their launch.
So just just go to "Saturday?
Look around all the museums that there are.
There's the Lake Galapago, the Mountain, the College, the Robert, the God.
I'm actually going to go into one of my favorites to Mexico, the New York art museum in New York City.
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple.
We click and fall, we are inside the museum.
It doesn't matter where they are, Bombi or Malaria, that doesn't really matter.
You move around and you fun.
You want to navigate the museum?
We opened up the top plane, and with a single click, we jumped in.
They're inside, they want to go at the end of the country.
They're going to go forward. They are divided.
Explore.
Thank you, but I haven't reached the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings, "The Congress of Portland British in Mexico.
I see the sign.
If the museum shows us the image, we click there.
See, this is one of the images.
Here is all the metaphor information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call the giant technology.
So this picture, for example, contains it, I think, about 10,000 million pixels here.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get to 10,000 million personally.
So I'll show you what you really get over 10,000 million pixels here.
It can be done around a very simple way.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really want to develop it.
So I started playing it, and I found something that happened there.
And I said, "Wait time, this seems interesting.
I walked in, and I discovered that kids were actually playing something.
They invented a little bit, I talked to some people from the Metropology, and I actually discovered that this is a game called "The contact of a part of a panel with a Cartrium market.
And it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get it even deeper and see that you can really get to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to take the picture, so you'll really see what there is.
Here's where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is to come, a second.
So now we're quickly going to jump back again to the MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorite nights.
The example I showed was to find detail.
But what if you want to see the books?
And if you want to see how you want to see how God actually created this master work?
It increases it and really does it.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this picture, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is "The star night? I think I'd never seen it before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There are a lot more things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part. It's called "The "Come "constrained.
All of you, absolutely everyone, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a shock, that's the same.
You can online create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we enter -- I've created this function that I call "The "The The Thing of the Bono, and we just did a sand around.
It's about "The Latin Latin Laureates, the National Gallery of London.
You can take things, send them to their friends and keep a conversation about what they feel when they put these masterpieces together.
So in conclusion, I think to me, the main thing is that all incredible things don't really come from Google.
No, in my opinion, even not coming from museums either.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
Actually, they come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium will be justice to your work of art, and it's represented online.
And the big question that you do today is, "I did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum?
And the answer is no.
It's to supplement the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good evening.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a piece, a flying picture.
In our lab, we call it sensitive design.
I'll tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture, I'm from original origin -- all the kids in Italy grow with this picture on the wall of their bedroom. But the reason I show you this is that it's happened something very interesting about the caves of France one in the last two decades.
And now some time ago, if you wanted to win a Francisco career, you took a budget and you put it into a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you won the career.
This is what is called control system in real time.
It's essentially a system that has two components and a sensor and an application.
The interesting thing is that control systems in real time are beginning to enter our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered with networks and electronics in the last few years.
They're becoming computer air computers.
And as such, they're starting to respond differently and they can be detected and activist.
In course the cities is a big thing.
As I noticed I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the planet's cortex but represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of the energy consumption -- to 80 percent of CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond the cities, all these detectors and activities are entering our everyday objects.
This is from a Palman Announcer exhibition for last year at MoMA during the summer.
It's called "The God.
Well, our objects, the environment, starts to talk.
In a certain way it's like almost all existing atoms become sensors and antennae.
And that's completely changing the interaction that as humans have with the external environment.
In some sense, it's almost like in the old Moon Moon dream.
You know, when Miguel Angeles sculpt the Montessor, he says that at the end he took the hammer, and he threw it down to the Manhattan -- you can still see a little bit of a mouth down, and he said, "What do you not talk about?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples: insisting in the idea of causing the environment and adding something.
Let's start with depression.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer with luck in 2006.
It was the year when Italy won the World Cup of the world.
Maybe some of you remember it, played Italy and France, and at the end of the Zippercent end to the chance.
And anyway, at the end of the end won Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day looking at activity happening in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the Coke in the middle and the River River.
It's morning, before the game.
The time line is at the top.
In the late afternoon, there are people over here, and there are called calls -- moving.
It starts the particular, silence.
Google from France, Google de Italy.
So interactive, people make a quick call and go to the bathroom.
Second time. End of time reproduced.
Number time extra -- second.
Zimbaby, and at a moment, the head.
Gandhi Isaac, Yes!
That night everyone went to celebrate the center.
You see the big peak.
The next day, everyone went to the center to find out the winning team and the first minister of time.
And then everybody got down.
You see the image of the place called Circle Massachusetts where, from the slowly, the people are going to celebrate. It's a big party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how we can measure the city pulse in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection is not about people, but of things we use and consume things.
Today we know everything about the proposition of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac -- how they get together.
But we know very little about where things go.
So in this project we developed a little bit of small tags to track the trash in their distribution by the system.
We started with a couple of volunteers that helped us in Seattle a little more than a year ago, to tag what they were doing, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that are all the way they were killed.
And then we put a little chip, a tag -- to the garbage and then we started to translate.
These are the results.
From Sergio:
after a week.
With this information we realized that there are many inequality in the system.
We can do the same thing with much less energy.
These are data that didn't exist.
It's happening complicated things, and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing we think we think is that if we see every day that the cup that we take away doesn't disappear, which is still somewhere on the planet.
If the plastic bottle that if the plastic bottle that we take a day is still there.
That if we show that to people, then we can promote some behavioral change.
That was the reason of the project.
My colleague at MIT, Biologists Biology, could tell you a lot more about detection and a lot of other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is action about the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago, in Zambian.
It all started with a question of the city of the city, which came and told us that Spain and South Europe has a beautiful tradition of use of water in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology, new technology, will you add that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a workshop was, imagine that they have a card and values, the sands, the language that they open and shut down.
It's created as a water curtain with water.
If you fall the pixels you can write in them, show patterns -- images, text.
And when you zoom in, the curtain will open up so that we can pass up, as you see in the image.
We introduced this to the Bell mayor of this.
He liked a lot.
And it takes a competition to design the building to the extension of the Expert.
We call it Paul Digital Panderna.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows but when you get ready to be open so you can happen.
The roof is also covered with water.
And if there's a little bit of wind, if you want to minimize the sales, you get the roof.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappeared, like in this case.
Those days always will be somebody in the winter when the roof came down, somebody who was there and he said, "Well the building.
No, it's not that they have done it, but when they lower almost all architecture disappear.
Here it is working.
You see the people who are intrigued by what's going on.
And here I'm myself trying not to fly the sensors that open the water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All the kids in Zainess came to the building because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to let it happen, but a building that kept making slices and water holes, and you had to jump out for not to fly.
And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, always think about the use that people will give our designs.
But then the reality is always unpredictable.
And it's the beauty of doing things to interact that people use.
This is a picture of the building with physical pixels -- water pixels and properties on them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine that you could have little helicopters in the air, and each one had a little hair that changed color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter -- like the one that we saw before, that move with others in synchrony.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal or three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of the pixels of it.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen appears in different scales and sizes.
And that then all of that could a spread cloud in 3D where you can zoom in, and go back and see from very different angles from it.
This is the real controlled Philippe, going down to form a Velfear, like before.
When the light gets older, it looks at this.
Imagine each one of them controlled by one person.
We can have every pixel with an entrance that comes from people, the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Boston -- it was from the best whale dancers -- the star of the New York and the Miller Street, to capture their movements in 3D and use them as an entry for the Farmer.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left side, you see the pixels in different resolution.
It's so much the terrible 3D diagnosis as a movement capture.
It can rebuild the whole movement.
You can walk all the way.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and reduction.
We want to use this as a possible entry for the Fairy.
I wanted to show you the last project we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment -- as a creature of clouds, like the big one, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could make everybody put a little bit for a laptop.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last couple of years is that, in the last two decades, we went from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, like knowledge, and is accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- the Obama campaign showed us -- we can move from the digital world, the self-organizing power of networks, to the physical world.
In our case, this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That meant something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address today's challenges -- think about climate change or CO2 emissions -- how do you move from the digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people engage in doing this together in collective form.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a particle cloud.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud are closed.
It's a physical structure in London, but it covered flight.
You can move inside, having different experiences.
You can see from the bottom, you can see to share the main moments of the Olympic Olympics.
So it's so much a physical cloud of heaven as something you can get up, like a new summit of London.
You can go into there.
As if it was a new digital forest at night, but most importantly is that it will be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than you are.
Suppose I told you that, with just a few changes in your genes, you could improve memory, for a more accurate and faster.
Or maybe you'd like to be in better form, be stronger to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and safe from themselves.
How about living more with good health?
Or maybe they are from those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What else would you like to like?
What would you like if you could choose something?
(Audience of Audience: Creative Creativity.
How many people choose creativity?
Raise your hand. Let me see.
Few of them probably had a lot of creative people present.
That's very good.
How many chose the memory?
A few more.
And the physical state.
A little less.
How about logical literally.
Oh, most of that makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of this the world would be very different.
It's just imagined.
Or maybe it's possible?
Evolution has been a theme here at TED conference, but today I want to give you a doctor on the subject.
The great geography of the 20th century, TED, French Francisco, which also companies at the Orleans Organization Russia, wrote an essay called "The Brazilian sense to the light of evolution.
But if you effectively accept biological evolution consider this, it's just about the past, or the future?
Do you mean other or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch -- well on an end, is, of course, the one that interests us.
We stopped a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
There has been maybe 20 or 25 different species of hot.
Some have gone and forth.
We have been here about 130 years old.
It might seem to be far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, in its most most basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same.
Do you realize that we can leverage and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that is used to treat diabetes.
This is not like human insulin insulin -- but it's the same protein, intensely indistinguishable than it comes out of the partner.
And talk about bacteria -- you realize that we all carry in the more bacteria that we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, think of -- when Antonio Daniel put them out of the alternative, they think of bacteria.
The gut is a wonderful hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, shark, it's very nice.
And we're going to provide you all the nutrients that you can want without effort from your part.
It really is like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional switch of some flat dot to the salary.
But for others, we're a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They help digest essential nutrients and protect us from certain diseases.
But what does the future?
We're in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or they tend to become something different, something maybe better adapted to the environment?
In this vast unbelievable symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief company, the animal kingdom, as one single compassion, and human life, a small note of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the front part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I was just entered college, I had my first class of biology.
I was fascinated by the electronics and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental in most of the existence of life, in the urban organisms, each cell simply divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two daughters child.
But when the multicellular organisms, things start to change.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important, with the emergence of sexual reproduction that passes the genome, the rest of the body becomes preparation.
In fact, you could say that the inevitable of the death of the body enters evolution at the same moment of sexual reproduction.
I have to confess that when I was a college student thought, well, sex, sex, death for sex, it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year I spent more and more distances.
I got to understand George Burman feelings, which is still in Las Vegas right now in its 90 years.
And one night somebody hits his hotel door.
He opens the door.
In front of him is a wonderful light dancing dance.
And he looks at him and he says, "I'm going to look for a seat of sex."
"It's good, he says George -- "I chose the subject."
I realized, as a doctor, who was working on a different target to the goal of evolution, not necessarily contradiction, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to be healthy.
I wanted to recover health in disease.
I wanted us to live more and more healthy.
Evolution is going to pass the genome into the next generation, adapting and supporting generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are like research rockets designed to send the genetic burden to the next orbital level and then let me fall into the sea.
I think we all understood Woody Allen when he said, "I don't want to get the immortality through my work.
I want to make it not died."
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
They don't necessarily favor the biggest or the faster or the faster and even the smartest one.
Evolution favors creatures better to their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
In the bottom of the ocean the terrorist bacteria that can survive the heat of the spirits that produce -- if there were fish there, fish comes into the vacuum, yet they've managed to make that an absolute environment.
So what does this mean, when we look at what's happening in evolution, and if we go back to think about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if you look forward to the past, then I would say that there are many possibilities.
The first one is that we don't evolution.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, first of all, we have known a lot of genes that otherwise would have been discovered and removed from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we have contributed our environment to adapt to us as we adapt to it.
And by the way, we migrated it, and we are very familiar with it so much that no longer possible to have the isolation that evolution happens.
A second possibility is that it produces an evolution of traditional type, natural type, imposed by nature's forces.
And the argument here would be, that the gears of evolution are straight down, but they're inertia.
And in terms of isolation, when as a species of different planets are going to exist the isolation and environmental changes that can produce evolution in a natural way.
But there is a third possibility -- a attractive, intuitive possibility and frightening.
The neuroscientists called the new evolution, the new evolution, which is not simply natural but guided and chosen by us as individuals in the decisions that we take it.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we do this?
First, consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more males than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what it takes to individual and family levels.
They also think that if it was possible to be able to choose not only the sex of its defense, but in its own body to make genetic adjust to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could make genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce risk risk or eliminate the access?
Don't you want to do those changes in your genes.
If we look at the future that kind of change will be increasingly possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and demand 13 years.
It costs 2.3 million dollars.
Next year, in 2004, I could do the same job for 20 million dollars in three -- four months.
Today, you can get a full sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome at a cost near the next 20,000 and a week.
They don't really fail so much for the human genome to actually make the human genome for 3,000 and more and more at the scope of all.
They come those changes.
The same technology that has produced human inspiration in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves, but they're going to induce immune against other viruses.
Believe it or there is no experimental trial in course with the vaccine against the influence in a shark plant.
Can you imagine something good about the tablet?
That's true today and in the future is going to be increasingly possible.
Imagine just other two little changes.
You can change the cells of your bodies, but if you could change the cells of your disabled.
And if you could change the sperm and the careers, or change the cool seriously, and give your children a better chance of a healthier life, eliminating diabetes, eliminating the teenager, reducing the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want more healthy kids.
And then, that same analog technology, that same engine of science that can produce the changes to prevent disease is going to allow us to also adopt a better memory.
Why don't you have the ingenuity of a Kenya Bell above everything if you could go up with the next generation of the Watson machine.
Why don't you have a faster control muscle that allows us to run faster and more distinct?
Why not live more time?
This is going to be artificial.
And when we are in conditions to stop this to the next generation and we can adopt the attributes that we want to have become the evolution of before negotiation.
We're going to take a process that normally could take 100,000 years, and we can compress it to 1,000 years and maybe happen within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have about them.
We're going to use these options in a better society, more successful society, more conservative?
Or, we're going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us, but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniform or more robust and more tendency?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the deeper thing about all, are we going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit the wisdom required to make these decisions sandwicated?
For good or for bad, and before what I could think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a big explosion when you're at 900 feet tall.
Imagine an airplane full of smoke.
Imagine a engine making click, click, climate.
Climate, click, click, click, south.
Well, I had a unique seat that day. I was sitting in the 11th.
It was the only one I could talk to the flight assistant.
So I immediately looked at them, and they said, "There's no problem. We probably beat some birds.
The pilot had seen the plane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot adds the plane with the Hudson River.
It's usually not the route.
It was motions.
Imagine being on a plane and without noise.
And then he said three words.
The three most desperate words I've ever heard.
He said, "I think for the impact?
I didn't have to talk more with the flight assistant.
I could see it in your eyes.
The life was over.
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in a second.
We have this list of things to do before I die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get and I didn't do it, all the fences I wanted to repair, all the experiences I've wanted to have and never have.
As I thought about that later. I came up with a sentence, which is, "The whale windows.
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to push anything in life.
And that urban, that purpose, has really changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is as we set up the George Washington bridge that wasn't so much -- I thought about it. I really feel a big nightmare.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and with my mistakes I've tried to improve everything I did.
But in my humanity also gives rise to my ego, too.
And I'm sorry for the time that you wake up in things that don't matter with people who do matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as a media in that, I decided to eliminate the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
Within two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
You feel wonderful.
I don't try to be right, electronics will be metal.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is solved, "It is 14, 13.
You see the water appropriate water.
I'm saying, "Please fly."
I don't want this to be broke in 20 pieces as you see in those documents.
And as we walked down, I had the feeling of it, and I had the feeling of it, and I did not fear fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go, I love my life.
And that sadness is sent in a single thought, which is, just desire one thing.
I wish I could see my kids growing.
A month later, I was in an performance of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent -- I stopped --                                              
And for me, that was all the reason to be the world.
At that point, I understood by connecting those two points -- that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
Especially the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I became a miracle of not dying that day.
And I became another gift, which was the possibility to look at the future and come back and live in another way.
You guys are flying today, the challenges to imagine that the same thing happens in your plane -- and please not be like that -- but imagine, and how do you change?
What would they do, they still hope to do because they think they're going to live forever, right?
How do they change their relationships and the negative energy in them?
And most importantly, they're being the best parents that they can."
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most great thing I worked on was for this guy.
The guy is called Twitter.
Twitter was one of the most important graphs in the 1980s.
One day he came home after he ran and said, "Dad, I feel a bank in the legs.
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today TED has a total paralysis.
You can only use your eyes.
Her work influenced me.
I have a company of design and animation so that, obviously, graffiti is something that we admire and reflect in the art world.
So we decided we were going to paraphrase Tony Tomorrow, Third, and his cause.
So I went to my brother and her father and I said, "We're going to give you this money.
What are you going to do with him?
And his brother said, "I want to talk to Tony again.
I just want to communicate with him and that he is able to communicate with me.
And I said, "A second is not that you see Stephen Hawaii, not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those applications?
And he said, "No, unless you are somebody important, and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people.
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate then?
Anybody watching the movie "The scanned and the market?
They communicate in that way, they're going to kill them with the finger.
I said, "That's artist. How can you be?
So I introduced myself with the only desire to deliver a check, and instead of it signed a tape that I had no idea how I was going to cover it.
They committed me with his brother and his father there at that point moment -- "All right, this is the trial, Tony is going to talk -- we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to get his art back again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who has so much inside their inner can't communicate.
So I talked about a conference a couple months later.
I met these guys called GPS Hollywood Reserve, who have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface and then with a laser pointer -- drawing on that and records negative space.
So go out there doing art facilities like this.
All the things that come in, they say, they're part of a life cycle.
First, they start with sexual organs, then with the bad words, then with the Bush attacks, and ultimately, people start making art.
But there was always a cycle of life in his presentations.
And so the journey began.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization, and a lot of to move things on one side to another, we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we took the gates of insurance companies and we got a machine for Twitter to communicate, a machine like Stephen Hawaii.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun. I call it Project, because when you talk to the guy you get an email of him, and you say, "I don't deserve it. This guy is fantastic.
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers from all over the world of the planet of the planet, to our home.
My wife, the kids and I, moved to the back of the back and these hackers and programmers and injustices and indications took the control of the house.
Many of our friends thought that we did something completely stupid and that when we came back that we would have taken off the walls of the walls and in its place would be gratitude.
But for two weeks, we went into Vermeer Mario, my son was part of Veronica, my dog as well, and we created this.
It's called the November November, and you can see the description of it.
These are a couple of cheap sun glasses that we bought in the Martin Beach of Venter Beach, some of the copper wire and the things of Homo Depressio and Radio Shah.
We take a CAPTCHA camera, we open it, we put it on a LED light, and now there's a device that is free -- that you build yourself, we publish the free code, the software goes down free.
And we create a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company to say, "No."
There's no hospital that can say, "No."
Any person with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using just their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. That was amazing.
So at the end of the two weeks, we went back to the Toroson room.
I love this picture because this is another person's room and that's her room.
There was all this bullying and died during the big inequality.
And after more than a year of planning, two weeks of programming -- intense sessions from all night, Tony came back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of your life, and it's looking through the support system of your life.
We took the bed so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the hospital outside the hospital.
And he went back to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends -- what was the feeling in the parking one.
The funny thing was that we had to break in the parking way, so we felt like we were reading the graffiti as well.
At the end of this he gave us an email and this was what he said, "This was the first time I draw in seven years.
I felt like I had been under the water, and somebody finally came back and pulled me out there so that I could breathe.
Isn't it wonderful."
In some ways, that's our war scream.
That's what keeps us in motion, developing us.
And we have a long way to go through this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a Malayan Malay.
Someone with this artistic potential deserve much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve and make it faster and reliable.
Since then, we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've gained a lot of prize.
Remember, it's free, none of us are making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes went from the guy, "Oh, this is fantastic.
Armstrong took something about us, and then in December, the Time magazine recognized us as one of the top 50 best inventors in 2010, and it was really great.
The best thing about all of this -- this is what I finished closing the circle, is that in April this year in the MIT Gene at the center of Los Angeles there is going to be an exhibition called "The State In the Streets?
And "I start in the streets, it's going to have the best experts of urban art, "The Shine Falmis -- Chris, all of them are going to be there.
Twitter is going to be in the show, which is pretty impressive.
So basically this is my idea, if you see something that is not possible, making it possible.
Nothing that there is in this room was possible -- the computer, the microphone, the Missouri, nothing was possible at some time.
Make it -- anything in this room.
I am not a programmer, I never did anything with a heart recognition technology, just recognized something and encouraged me with wonderful people to be able to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want you all to do every day when we find something we have to do. If it's not now, when, and if I'm not me, who ...
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years meditating in very difficult situations and at the same time a lot of dangerous.
I went to prison, hard.
I worked in a company of coal, dangerous.
I filmed in war areas and difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days to eat only this: fun at first, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career I have been holding myself into horrible appearance situations with the only goal of trying to examine social questions in ways that are attractive, interesting, and, hopefully, analyze them in a way that would look intense and accessible to the audience.
So when I knew I would come here to make a TEDTalk about the world of the brands and the pattern I wanted to do something a little different.
So, some of you may have heard, or not, a couple of weeks ago I took a shell in Brazil.
I sent some messages in Facebook, some in Twitter, offered to sell the names of the name of my Twitter in 2011.
What had been the next thing -- "I was Norway present, my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it is and according to content could be explored in the face, especially if I put it in ridiculous or your company to do it.
But I said, this is a very good medical opportunity.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks.
Thank you.
It's a title in progress.
So even with that savanna I knew someone was going to buy the rights rights.
If you had asked me a year ago I wouldn't be able to tell you with certainty.
But in the new film that I'm working on, we looked at the world of the marketing, of advertising.
And as I said before, I've been in horrible situations over the last few years, but nothing could prepare me, nothing could anticipate for something as hard or as dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a film.
Morgan Superman -- I want to make a film that deals on the product of products, marketing and advertising, and that all film is funded with products of products, marketing and advertising.
The film is going to call "The largest movie everybody."
What happens in "The largest end ever, is that all of the top up to bottom, from beginning to end up, has marker images, all the time, from the apple that comes out before the title, the X brand brand.
Now this brand, Darwin Stanford, the Stanley Center.
These people are associated with the film to perspective, forever.
And so the film explores all this idea, (Audience King, is removed? It's really removed? (Audience: It's removed.
I'm a remote paradox. (Music: I just say, it was more of complexity.
It was "The perspective.
But we're not just going to have the spread of the X brand in the title but we're going to make sure that we're going to make sure all the categories that we can in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe, and it becomes the most cool shoe you used to use.
The most cool car that you've driven in "The largest end of selling ever would ever be served, the best mistake you ever drink, correlation of "The greatest film ever served."
Darwin Kanzi, the idea is then after showing the brands as part of life, making them fund the film? MS: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The goal of the whole film is transparency.
You're going to see all the process in this film.
That's the complete idea, the whole film -- from principle to end.
And I would love to make it happen.
Robert Francisco, you know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that, it's the maximum respect for audience.
Okay, yet, I don't know how recognizing people will be to that.
AV: Do you have a perspective, I don't know if it's very negative, but you know how it's going to repair? (Music: no idea, David Congo. How much money does it do to do this?
MS: A million and a half million -- (Music: Very good, John Kartia, I think it's going to be hard to meet with them, but certainly it's going to be worth convincing a couple of big brand.
AV: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the movie comes out of the movie will look at us as a bunch of advertising characteristics.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Russians, most of the answers will be "No."
MS: But will be hard to sell for the film or to be me?
JK: Both things.
MS: I mean, you're not very optimistic.
So you help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right. (Audience: Okay. Awesome.
MK: We need to think about what brands.
MS: Yes. (Audience: That's the challenge. When you look at people you have to treat it.
MK: We have some places where to go. (Music: Okay. All right.
MS: I thought that "I would call the camera, I mean, we have a conversation out of microphone.
And the camera means "We don't want to know anything about your film.
MS: And so it was, one by one, all these companies suddenly disappear.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And it was very impressed -- I thought the concept of advertising, was to introduce the product to as many people as possible. To make so many people see it as possible.
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media and the secret media scenario is not the idea of counting with that new attention of attention that is going to lead the message to mass?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a home mistake, and that mistake was this.
No, there was no mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been fine.
But the problem was what this image.
You see, when you look for immigrants in Google in Google --   -- this is one of the first images that appear.
I like your recording way, Sergey Brazil. No.
This was the problem: transparency, simple simulation or deception -- easily detecting or seeing, easily understanding, that are characterized by the vision or access of information, especially in business practice, being the last line perhaps the largest problem.
You see, we heard a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name them, the president the name, even the Chinese name.
But suddenly when it comes to it, something changes suddenly change.
But why? Well, transparency gives fear --  like that rare bear that still still remembers.
It's unpredictable.   Like this weird rural road.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it absolutely?
They eat an entire cup of Congo Khan.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and telling them that we wanted to tell this story and said, "No, we want you to tell me story to the story.
We want you to tell a story, but you count "The story."
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- there is him looking at as a used to do it, said, "Son, there are three sides in every story.
It's your story, it's my story, and it's the real story.
As you see, in this film we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agency would want to help you -- that just because I met John Bond and Richard Kiribati from many years, I realized I would have to go through my own, I would have to take the switch and go to the companies myself with all my team.
So what I started to warn all of a sudden -- I started to realize, is that when you start to convince companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big, huge, giant films and others who make small movies, independent movies, like mine.
And my friends who make bad Hollywood movies -- giant -- they say that the reason their movies are so successful is due to the associated marks they have.
And then my friends who make independent films say, "Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant movies of Hollywood."
And the film is called "The largest film standing service."
How are we going to look specifically to Bang in the movie?
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I open my bottle, you'll see the Bang.
At any point during an interview with someone I can say, "Okay, cool for this interviewed.
Are you ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you calm you.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview.
And there's one of these fabulous services.
Both Chicago Florida, as "The Park of Paradox, are going to have his opportunity.
We're going to have so much for man as for women, solid, back to balance, as it is.
That's the general look.
Now I can answer your questions and give you a proposing look.
Karen Frank, We're a small brand.
I similar to the kind of smaller movies that you said, we are rather a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget they have other brand.
So doing things like that, you know, remembering Bang to people is the reason that this is interested in.
MS: What words would you use to describe Babbage."
Big is in white.
KS: That's a big question.
Volunteer: Stage technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you get in the apple.
Man: We talked about something audacious -- free.
I think "boys? It's a great word that really puts this category in positive versus the smell and the soul.
You keep you cold.
How do we keep you fresh more time? With better fractal, more fractal, three times more free.
Things like those who highlights benefits.
MS: And that's a multi-to-day company.
What about me? What about a common guy?
I need to talk to the man on the street, people like me, to the ordinary prisoners.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your market?
Man: My marketer."
I don't know.
I like the good clothing.
Woman: I was going to check the '80s, unless it's a living day.
MS: It's okay, what is the George market?
George, unique. (Audience: Ninety. Man: I guess the kind of gender, the style I have to be like a dark blue.
I like dark colors, lots of gray.
Usually I have access like sunglasses, or I like crystals and similar.
Woman: If Dan was a brand could be a classic constraint, Medical Bene.
Man 2: The brand that I am, called the complete "Child."
Woman 2: In part hypertext, in part of Portugal Brown, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of phases.
I sold toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is February because it shows the market.
Man 5: March Burman, failure.
Is that something?
And I am a lawyer.
Tom, I'm Talk.
MS: Well, we can't all be brand, but I often click in the intersection of dark ball, and "I come up with completely charity.
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed somebody who could go into my head, someone who could help understand what they call the Mark Market Camera.
And I found a company called Elephan Zaccoma in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like nine, February, Harvard to discover that brand personality.
If they could do it for them, they could surely do it for me.
Audience: Bring the photos, right?
MS: Yeah. The first picture is a family picture.
A: Tell me a little bit about how you relate to your thoughts and feelings, your way to be.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world -- I think your world is the world that you live, like people who surround you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things grew up and start in a place and in my case you organize and start in my family, in West Virginia.
AT: What's the next one that you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is the best day of my life."
A: How does this relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way to be?
MS: It's like who I want to be me.
I like different things.
I like weird things. I like weird things.
A: How much of the "beautifully, what would we serve that?
What's the male? What phase phase do you find now?
Why is it important? What does the red mean?
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little bit more than you, which is not who you are.
What other drugs have you been had?
You have to have fear. What kind of Russian mountain are you?
MS: All right? (Audience: Thank you.
BF: Thank you for your patience -- (Audience: Great job.  Yes. (Music: Thank you very much. Very good.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of madness.
Linux Zaccorns. The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides of it, but complex it, in your brand personality -- the Marine Superman brand is a conflicting brand.
They were very good together.
And I think there's almost a paradox.
And I think some companies just focus on one of their strong points or the other instead of focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend -- this is human nature, to avoid the things that are not secure, avoid fear, those elements, and you actually give them a head and make them become something positive for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are it?
The first here is classic -- Apple.
And you can also see here to Tasmanian, Washington, Minister from Minister Companies and Jersey.
Now there are playful brands and conscious brands -- those things that have gone and come from, but a reduction brand is quite powerful.
MS: A translation brand. What's your market?
If someone asks you to describe your identity identity, your brand personality -- what would it be?
Are you a heart attention? Are you somebody who makes blood blood.
Or are you rather a destination attractive.
A little bit more calm -- resistance, conservative.
And armed attributes are like being playful as being free like the Prince, contemporary and advanced or appropriate or audacious like Eric Florida, quick or giant, teacher, dominant or music like Galileo.
Or are you pretty well at depressed attractive.
You're conscious as sophisticated as GDP.
Are you stabilized, traditional -- provide, protecting -- you identify with Obama?
Are you considered, stable, family, respect, safe, safety, sandwich or wise -- like the Dalai Lama or Sea."
In the course of this film, we had over 500 companies, associated and desertification, who said, "No, they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control on the end product.
They allowed us to tell the story of neuroscience and we got to tell the story in this movie of how they now use magnetic resonance to identify the centers of desire in the brain so much for commercial marketing as for movies.
We went to San Paulo where they have banned the advertising to the air.
All over the city over the last five years, there are no fences, no cards, no flowers, nothing.
And we went to school district in which companies are doing walks in schools with clean problems in America.
The amazing thing to me is that the projects in which I've had the greatest answer or the ones I've had most successful is those in which I've been interacting with things that I've been interacting with.
And that's what these brands.
They took the interventions, they took their agencies, and they said perhaps these agencies have no best interest in mind.
I'm going to try directly with the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that's going to make people think about people, which is going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how do I have been successful?
Well, since the film is in the Syria Festival Forest, we take a look.
According to Burdab the film is in January, and since then -- this is not all, we've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This covers only a two and a half weeks.
That's only online, no press or TV.
The film is still not distributed yet.
It's still not online. It's not in stations.
It's not even presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not bad because almost all the agencies that we talk about will affect their customers not to be part.
I've always believed that if you go up, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you pull people out of that is pushing them into failure.
I think when you train your employees in the risk in the risk you are preparing all its company to change rewards.
I feel that what has to happen to move is that we have to encourage people to adapt.
We have to encourage people to have no fear of the opportunities that they can scare them.
Ultimately, I think we need to give rise to fear.
We have to put that bear on a cage.
Let's add the fear. Let's add the risk.
From a knife at the time, we need to embrace risk.
And in definition, we need to go to transparency.
Now more than ever a little bit of honesty is going to go back a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all of my talk "We have the Treating, has been presented by my good friends of Elizabeth who by 14,000 buying the rights rights in Iraq.
EM: It makes big data in big opportunities for companies around the world.
I was presented by the Treating.
Thank you very much people.
June Cohen: So Moran, in the name of transparency, which happened exactly with those diagrams?
MS: It's an exciting question.
In my pocket I have a name to the name of the TED Marticular organization, the Satan Foundation, a sheep for 6,000 to be applied to my assistance for TED of the next year.
The idea behind the Shanghai computer worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Their biggest active to develop nuclear weapons is the Union anniversary plant in National.
The gray boxes that you see are real-time control systems.
If we managed to compromise these systems that control speed and values, we can cause a lot of problems with the central.
The gray boxes don't use the software of Windows -- they are a completely different technology.
But if we were able to put an effective virus of Windows in a portable computer used by an engineer to connect this gray box, then we are ready.
This is the plan behind Shakespeare.
We started with a Windows.
The hole goes into the gray box, damaged the central, and the nuclear nuclear program is density, mission.
It's easy, right?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started researching about Shakespeare six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown to it.
The only thing that you knew is that it's very, very complex in the Windows part of the Wikipedia, the installation used multiple vulnerability video vulnerability.
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That called us the attention, and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Shakespeare, and we saw what happened with this.
So they spent very strange things.
Shakespeare behaved as a rat rat that I didn't like our cheese, I wave it, but I didn't want to eat.
I didn't make sense for me.
And then to experiment with different cheese wisdom, I realized, and I thought -- this is a direct attack.
It's completely directly.
The installation is looking for active in the gray box if it finds a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working on that place.
If not, Shakespeare does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the goal is.
It could be, let's say for example, a U.S. energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
Better than we discovered the target.
So we extended and demonstrated the code code, and we discovered that I was structured in two digital bombs -- a small and a big one.
We also saw that they were very deeply profitable by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the dots that they would attack.
You probably even know how much the operator is.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the student of Shakespeare is complex and high technology, let me tell you, the burden is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this code code.
We're talking about about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much like the old embodied language.
I want to tell you how we could find sense of this code.
What we looked at at the beginning were called the functions of the system, because we know what they do.
Then we look at terrorists and data structures and we tried to relate to the real world, with potential targets in the real world.
We need theories about resistance that we can aspire or developer.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent sandwich, it must be a valuable white, and it's certainly located in Iran, because that's where most infections have been represented.
You don't find several thousands of targets in that area.
It basically boils to the nuclear energy plant of Lake and the United Nations entropy plant.
So I told my assistant, "I have a list of all the computers in central centers and energy plants between our clients.
I called them and put them into an effort for bringing their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we were able to associate the little digital hole with the control of the race.
The rotate is that cell part within the central, that black object that you see.
If you manage the speed of this rotate robust, you can certainly ignore it and even make the genome explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and drop into an obvious effort for returning crazy to the maintenance engineers, so they couldn't solve this quickly.
We tried to decipher the big digital hole looking very closely to the data and their structures.
So for example, the number 165 percent in that code, you can't hear it.
I started to investigate scientific literature about how these centers are built in National and found that they are structural in what's called a camp, and every waterfall contains 165 cents.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better still.
These centers in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we found in the article code.
It's a almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence in understanding what we had between hands.
To have no mathematics, it wasn't like that.
The results have been taken after several weeks of hard work.
We had been able to end up with no salt, and we had to go back to it.
Yet, we found that both digital holes are going to go to one and same goal, but from different angles.
The small hole is taking a waterfall and making the roles and religions, and the big hole communicates with six layers and manipulating values.
In sum we are very confident that we've determined what the deployment is.
It's Nation, and it's just Natasha.
We shouldn't worry that other targets are taken by Shakespeare.
So here I show you a few very interesting things that we saw, really struck me.
There is the gray box -- and you see the centers.
What this thing does is to interpret the input values of the sensors for example, from pressure sensors and video sensors and provide legitimate code, which is still running during the attack, with false data data.
And believe it or not, these fake entry data are prepared by Shakespeare.
It's like the Hollywood movies where, during the robot, the security camera feeds video present.
Is it great here?
The idea here is obviously not just to lead the operators in the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive.
The idea is to make a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast.
For example, in a energy plant, when the big steam turbines goes out of speed, you have to open a screen valve in a military.
Obviously, this can't do a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're committed -- then they can spend bad things.
The plant can explode.
And they don't operate the security system to notice it.
That scares it.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attack is genius.
It has nothing to see, specifically, with centers, with uranium entrepreneurs.
It could work also, for example, in a energy plant, or a car factory.
It's cool.
And you don't have an attacked, which will disseminate this load with a USB key, as we saw in the case of Shakespeare.
You could also use conventional water technology to disseminate them.
They will disseminate the most possible.
And if you did that, with what you end up with is a massive destruction.
That's the consequence we need to face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of targets for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and in Japan.
All green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals.
We should face the consequences and better we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
So Raisuddin, it's been public in many sides that people assume that the Massachusett is the main entities behind this.
What's your opinion?
Ralph London, Obama, really want to hear this?
Yes, Obama.
My opinion is that the Macrye is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is the current supermarket.
There is one room, and it is the United States, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately,
Because otherwise our problems would be even larger.
CA: Thank you for configuration. Thank you, Rossian.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take and give you a smooth skills, or another one that makes use of chairs of wheels go up, and go back to walk.
In "The Biologists, we call these robots, exceptions.
It's nothing different from something that is put in the morning, and it gives you a big force that will also increase your speed, and it helps you, for example, to manage balance.
It's actually the true integration of man and machine.
But not only that -- can integrate it and connect it with the universe and with other external trials.
This is not a French idea.
So to show you now in what we're working on we start talking about the American soldier that in average, it should take on their back, a 45 pounds, and it's being busy getting even more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries in the back, 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic drops of escape.
We decided to put this challenge and create an expert that could help manage the matter.
Let me introduce you to the Harvard -- or Port Canada University.
Soldier: With the Hollywood exoskeleton I can put 90 pounds by variable terrain for many hours.
Their flexible design, allows them to put up and run movement with great application.
I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go and then increase my strength and my resistance.
Result Benjamin, We're ready, with our industrial partner to produce this device -- this new exoskeleton -- this year.
I mean, it's a reality.
Now let's go back to the wheelchair users on what I feel particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people around the world, in wheelchair all over the world.
Like one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation here.
We talk about something that is often -- very young people, with damage in the vertical column that when they start their life -- to the 20, 30 or 40 years -- they collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only option.
We also talk about the population that you have to multiply quickly.
His only option -- many times -- for a brain injury or some other complicated -- is the wheelchair.
And this has been that for the last 500 years, from its successful approach, as I should recognize.
So we decided to start writing a new chapter about mobility.
Let me introduce you to the child that's using Amanda Beck who was 19 years ago had a injury in the vertical column, and as a result I couldn't walk back for 19 years now.
Amanda Boston, Thank you.
EB: So Amanda is using our childhood that I mentioned.
It has some sensors.
It's completely not invasive in the crutches that send signals to the boat computer, here in the back.
There are also some batteries that give power to the motors in the hip. And in the knees -- and they make it move with this soft and very natural wage.
AB: I was 24 years old at the top of my life when, by a strange jump in the air, she was running down a paralyzed shot.
In a fraction of second, I lost everything feeling and all motion movement down.
Shortly time later, a doctor came to my room in the hospital, and he said, "Look, never going to walk again."
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole up to the last piece of hope of my self.
The technology technology since then, has allowed me to learn how to draw it up in the sides and climb rocks and even ride in a hand.
But you haven't invented anything that allowed me to walk, until now.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change the future generation -- not just from soldiers, but to Amanda and all the wheelchair users -- everyone.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the balance -- sex practice to say hello, and play is the order of the day, where the fun is a serious thing.
And no, it's not the festival of the Man Art or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, meet their cousins.
This is the world of wild Bonobos in Congo.
The bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living particles.
That means we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother that lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known for their aggression.
But unfortunately, we've done too much super-controlled in this aspect in our narrative of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by large guys, the term society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special because this leads to a very tolerant society where the death violence hasn't yet seen.
But unfortunately, the bonobos are the least understanding of the big apes, unfortunately.
They live in the depths of the Congolese rainforest, and it's been very difficult to study it.
The Congo is a paradox, a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the tonner, the scenario of a violent conflict that has been unleashed by decades and causes almost as many deaths like the First World War.
It's not surprising that this destruction also puts the survival of the Bonobo.
The community meat trade, and the deforestation makes you can't fill a stadium with the bonobos that are in the world, and honestly, we're not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos you can hear the hidden laughter of the trees.
Who are these prime?
We know them as the search sands "The love, not war, because they have a frequent sex, productive and bisexual to manage conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying this is the solution to all the human problems because the life of the bonobos is more than the Karl Supermarket.
Bone, like humans, they love playing throughout their entire life.
Tony is not just a child's game.
For us, and for them the game is fundamental to establish links and foster tolerance to it.
With him we learn to trust, and we learn the rules of the game.
Play increases creativity and resilience, and it has to do with diversity, diversity diversity of interactions, diversity diversity of connections.
And when you look at the Bonobo game you see the evolutionary roots of the laughter, the dance and the human rituals itself.
The game is the glue that unites us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos taken from the wild medium.
First of all, it's a bank bank game, and I don't talk about football anymore.
Here's a female and a young male in the middle of a personality.
Look what she is doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, "He has attacked the balls.
I just think that in this case I love it, right?
Yeah.
So sexual game is common as well as humans.
And this video really is interesting because it shows this video really is interesting because it shows the invention of bringing wireless elements into the game -- the testicles -- and also how play requires trust and promotes trust, and at the same time it's the most fun.
But the game is policy.
The game is policy, it can adopt a lot of forms, some of which are most tragic, imagination, curious perhaps the place where the amazing is.
And I want you to see, this is Ford, a young female who's playing with water transplanted.
I think that as it, sometimes we play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner worlds.
And it's that curious language that drives us to explore, to interact -- and then the unexpected connections that we form are the actual seed of creativity.
These are just small samples of understanding that Bonobos give us from our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a increasingly difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is the key to these capabilities.
In other words, the game is our face of adaptation.
To adapt to a world that changes we have to play.
But let's accept the maximum of our play ability.
The game is not proud.
The game is essential.
For bones and humans, life is not just cruel and disappearing.
When it looks like the least appropriate to play, you can be the most urgent things.
So by that, we took up this gift of evolution and play together as we rediscovered creativity and friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York City responsible to development a nonprofit organization called Robert History.
When I'm not making poverty, fires as a captain assistant.
And in our city, where the volunteers are successful to a highly skilled staff you have to get to the site of the fires very soon to go into action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer on the site, so I had a pretty high probability to go.
But still there was a career to foot against the other volunteers to get to the captain to charge and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain -- I was cooling in a conversation with the owner that I didn't doubt one of the worst days of your life.
We were at night, she was standing outside on the rain, under a paraly, in paper, destiny, while his house was in call.
The other volunteer that I had just got before I me, and Leonardo Luther --   I was first to the captain and this asked him to go into and save the dog owner.
The dog. I was sale clothes."
There was a lawyer or a demographic of money that, during the rest of his life, would have to tell people that I entered a building in a call to save a living living just because I won me for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me a performance.
He said, "Look, I need to go back home.
I need to come up, go back the fire, and bring it to this woman a couple of shoes.
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I expected, but I was -- I climbed the stairs, at the end of the hallway -- I went to the fire fires that that height more or less had finished the fire and walked into the main room for a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my load around the staircase where I met my nanversips and the deep dog in the main door.
We took the hands out of the house in the house where it was to expect, her season received much more attention than my own.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter of the house of house hanging through the brave effort demonstrated to save his house.
The kindness that she saw about the other thing was that somebody had gotten a couple of shoes.
And so much in my voice in Robin Hood, as in my voice as a volunteer fireflies I'm a tendency of an act of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale, but also of grace and correct acts at the individual level.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So when I look at this room to people who have achieved -- or they are in achieving -- remarkable levels of success would like to remind you this, don't wait.
They don't wait to win the first million to make the difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give you now.
They served food in a combat, clean a park of the neighborhood.
Be mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save somebody's life, but every day we're going to be able to influence somebody's life.
So you get to the game, save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Martin Martin, Mary.
Mark Bonnic: Thank you.
This may seem strange -- but I'm a great concern of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks are made in 1968 with a very simple idea, cement modules of a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used building unit in the world.
They have allowed us to build larger things than we, like buildings or bridges, a brick at a time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1973, the Lord was happening to him.
It was called automated anger captures.
And in a few years, the Lake makers came to all of the home.
It's estimated that they have made more than 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineer to build beautiful bridges or buildings or houses.
Lego made it accessible.
Lego simply adopted the block block -- the favor in the world, and I became a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to announce -- the new building block.
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of aesthetic brick to each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Like the concrete block -- the transistor allows you to create a much bigger and more complex circuits -- a brick at a time.
But there's a main difference. The transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that the building blocks of our time are resisted to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I began to explore the idea of bringing engineers into the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing limitations.
I'm going to show you how it works.
Liberia are electronic modules every one with a specific function.
They're ready to be light, sound, engines and sensors.
And the best thing about all is that they get together by implants.
So you can't put it wrong.
The bricks have a code of colors.
The green is the salary, the blue is the stream, the pink is the entrance and the orange color is the shot.
So you just have to assemble a blue with a green and very quickly you can start making bigger circuits.
A blue with a green will produce light.
We can put a button in the middle and so we have a regime.
If we change the button by a pulse of pulse, which is here, and now we have a light light.
We added this tone to create more impact and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game, limitations are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program and connect and support, limitations allow us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
To make it go faster or slower and just take this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind limitations is that it's a growing collection.
We want all of the interactions in the world to be reduced to use ready to use.
Lights, sound, solar panels, motors, everything must be accessible.
We've given the children to see them play with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best thing is how to start understanding the electronics of every day that you don't learn in schools.
For example, how a light is working at night, or why the door of an elevator will stay open, or how an iPod responds to touch.
We've also led to design schools.
So for example, designers without any experience in electronics start playing with limitations like a material.
Here you can see, with paper bottles and paradox, we have George creating Georges.
(Audience magazine.  So a few weeks ago, we took limits to the designers of Rhode Island School -- who don't have any experience in engineering, just in cardboard and wood and paper and said, "You do something.
Here's an example of a project that you have done, an active content for movement.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
It's a long landscape made of plastics that are afraid of darkness.
For these days, limitations became another material, the electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be at the scope of all.
So limitation has open source.
You can visit the web page, download all the design files and make it out.
We want to encourage a world of creators and inventors and collaborators because this world that we live in, this interactive world, is ours.
So go ahead and invent.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work on the industrial technology industry.
And my little company sought to engage with the environment focused on the environment.
It's distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
MM: Wait a moment.
You can give it a little bit of charity.
We can continue better to leave the video on one side.
No.
This is not.
All right.
The solar technology is.
Oh, is I already translated for time?
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that are supposed to be, we asked them to work in the government.
The initiative was called "The American and they would be like a Port Country for technologies.
We select some members every year and we put them to work with the music.
Instead of sending them to the Third World we sent them to the municipal world.
They made big applications working with the municipal employees.
Their task is to show the possibilities of current technology.
You know Abola.
This is a shark of the city of Boston.
So here comes out as if you look for a quote, but what you really look for is somebody clean it when it comes down the snow because it knows that it's not very good to get fires when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did it get to ask up this way that symmetrical way?
Last year in Boston, we had a team of Mexico for America.
They were there in February and at that time a lot last year.
They realized that the city never cleaned these stores.
But one of the members called Erik Michael noticed something else -- that citizens would wake up with sticks right in front of them.
So he did as any good programmer, he developed an app.
It's a nice application where you can adopt a hydrogen.
You agreed to clean it when you swim.
When you do it, you put a name, in this case, you put it.
If you don't do it, somebody can rotate.
So it has a players' component.
It's a modest application.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 scheduled applications last year.
But it does something that no other technology of the government has.
And it extends viral form.
A responsible of systems from the city of Honor when you see this app realized that I could use it, not for snow, but for citizens to support tsunami signs.
It's very important that they work these standards of tsunami, but people are stealing the battery.
So I asked citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens go down the tablet destinations.
And Chicago just launched to get people to be recorded to clean close sidewalks when they swim.
So now we know nine cities that they plan to use.
And this has spread without frustrations, so organic and natural form.
If you know a little bit of government technology you know that this doesn't normally happen.
The software acquisition usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston, we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that they had done by normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's nothing.
Now there's a project in the judicial power of California that has cost 200 million dollars, and it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this in every level of government.
So an app that is programmed in a couple of days and it will spread in viral form is a kind of approach to the institution of government.
It suggests government better ways to work, not as in private companies, like many people think it should be.
Not as a technological company, but more like the Internet itself.
That is, without researchers, in open and generous.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents the way the government issue that has new generation, not as a problem of an architectural institution, but as a collective action.
And that's really good because it turns out we are very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there is a very large community of people who are building the tools for us to work together with efficacy.
And it's not just "The American for America, but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given to store with the government.
They feel a great frustration to that, but they don't complain -- they fix it.
And these people know something that we've lost from view.
And that is that if we leave the feelings about politics, the bird in the DNA -- and all of those other things that are looking at, the government is essentially in the words of Tim Electrologist, "What we do together because we can't alone can."
Now, a lot of people have left the government.
If you're one of those people, I'll ask you to rebuild it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change, government does.
And because the government in the last instance of us, remember that from "We have the popular? The way to think about how to make change.
I didn't know a lot of government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought the government was in choosing people to take loads of charge.
Well, after two years I have come to the conclusion that the government is, especially a matter of hair.
This is the center of television and information phone care.
It's the place that you call the calls if you mark 320 in America.
Scott attacked this call.
Internet McCapring, in the basis of official knowledge.
I didn't find anything. It started with animal control.
And finally he said, "Hey, can you open the door of the house, put it very strong music and see if you go?
And it worked. So well by Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the heads.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an app and websites and cell called "The Congress.
We don't program that application.
It was the work of very smart people in the Office of New York University of Boston.
One day, this actually happened -- I got this leg, "Indian in my garbage cure. I don't know if it's dead.
How do I make it stop?
The dynamics of "The Congress is different.
Scott was talking in person.
In "Called Congress everything is audience, so everybody can see this.
In this case, I saw it a neighbors.
The next report said, "I close to the place, I found the cube of garbage behind the house.
Zullian, yeah. Visit, yes.
I went back. I went home.
Good night, sheep supply.
Quite simple.
This is great. It's the confluence of the digital and the physical thing.
And it's also a great example of the income of government to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the definition of planning technology.
I talk about a platform for people to automated and help others.
So, a citizen helped another but here the government had a key paper.
It connects the two people.
And I could have connected to the government services of being necessary, but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When one neighbor helps each other, we forces communities.
If we call animal control, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we need to think about the government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but they think one is the entrance of the other.
That our entry to the government system is the vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader, sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader, and then we hope that the government reflects our values and satisfying our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That is because the government is like an immense ocean and politics is the surface of 15 pounds.
So that's what we call bureaucracy.
And we say that word with a lot of contempt.
But it's that device that keeps us that that we finance as something that operates in our own, that other thing, and in consequence we're losing power.
People believe politics is synthetic.
If we want this institution to work we will have to make bureaucracy sexy.
Because that's where the real government work happens.
We have to collaborate with the government machine.
That makes the Emergence movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of concerned citizens who have written a very detailed report of 325 pages in response to the period of the South Sensen, on the financial reform.
That's not political activism -- it's a bureaucratic activity.
And for the ones that we've been referring to the government, it's time that we wonder what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really think we're going to get where we have to go without solving the institution that can act in behalf of all of all of all of all of all of them in behalf of it?
We can't afford government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to be able to root the function of government so that it can expand force to civil society.
There's a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it's not so hard to act that display, only to articulate systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is 28 years old, so I said, to regulation, I'm a greater generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who's going to talk, they're all going to speak.
They can express their opinions in any channel at the same time, and they do.
So when you face the government problem you don't care too much about doing your voices.
They're using the hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make the government better.
And those applications allow us to use the hands to improve our communities.
It can be limited by a hydrogen, taking a mallets of a trash cube that has a hallucination inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned up those hydrogens and a lot of people do it.
But these applications are as digital reminder that we're not only consumers -- we're not just government consumers that we pay taxes and we get services.
We're more than that, we are citizens.
And we're not going to fix government until we don't fix the civilization.
So I want to ask all the present, when it comes to the important things we have to do together, all together, will we be a colleague of voices, or will we be a mother calculated.
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and the right of death.
I've spent most of my life in marginalized communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And I'm going to be here at TED watching and hearing these stimulus has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I noticed in this short time is that TED has identity.
And the things that are told here are impact around the world.
In occasion, if something comes from TED, it makes a sense and a force that would not have otherwise.
I mean, because I think identity is really important.
Here's fantastic.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if you teach them with feeling, they can have a special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, it was if it's colonized, it can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I actually didn't learn this in the practice of the right, my work.
I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of a pharmaceutical family dominated by a magnitude, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, it had power.
It was the last word in the family.
She started many of the designers in our home.
I was a daughter of people who had been scale.
His parents were born in the slavery in Virginia.
She was born about 1850 and his experience with slavery as he looked at the world.
She was hard, but she was also love.
When I was little, and I looked at her, she came up to me and gave me a good hug.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe, and then I ran up.
One or two hours later, I went back to looking at me, and he came up and said, "Well, do you still feel my heart?
And if I said no, I would grab me again, and if I said yes, I would leave me in peace.
I had this human quality that made you always want to be close to it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the least in the 10.
In occasion, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and his attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight, nine years old, I woke up one morning, I went to the room, and there were all my cousins there.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At first, I thought it was a game.
So I looked at it and I smile, but she was very serious.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she woke up the room, and he took me out of his hand and he said, "Hey Brian. The two are going to be conversation."
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me out and said, "Look, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anyone.
I said, "Okay, Mary.
She said, "Now I'll make sure I didn't do it." I said, "Sure."
Then I sat down, I looked at me and said, "I want you to know I've been looking at you."
And he said, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I want you to promised three things: Brian.
I said, "Well, Mary.
And he said, "The first thing I want you to promised is you always want your mother."
And Alice, it's my daughter, and you have to promise that always the capitalist.
As I love my mom, I said, "Yes, Mary, so I'll do it."
And then he said, "The second I want me to promised is that they always do the right thing as hard as it is.
I thought about it, and I said, "Yes, Mary. So I'll do it."
Then finally he said, "The third I want you to promised is you never drink alcohol.
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yeah, Mary, so I'll do it."
I grew up in the field, in the south rule. I have a brother a year older and a sister a year.
When I was 14 -- 15, one day my brother came home with a six beers package -- I don't know where I pulled them, I took my sister and my sister and we went for the forest.
We barely got the legal cars away.
He took a dream of beer, offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me to me.
I said, "No, no, no. It's okay, you know, I won't take a beer.
My brother said, "Come on. Today we do it. And you always do the same thing as us.
I already took something, your sister too. It takes a beer.
I said, "No, I don't feel good, you can follow.
Then my brother looked at me.
He said, "What happens to you? Take a beer?
I fell up with force and continue, "Oh, it won't be that you're still thinking about the conversation with Mary.
I said, "But what are you talking about?"
He said, "Mom, you tell all the grandchildren that are special.
I was back down.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that I probably shouldn't say.
I know this is going to spread exponentially.
But I am 52 years old, and I can admit that I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say this to think it's a viruses. I say it for the power that identity.
When we create the right kind of identity, we say things to others who really don't see any sense.
We can't get things to do things that don't think they can do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all of his grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been prisoners during the practice.
My kids died of diseases related to alcohol.
And these were the things that we had to engage with.
Now, trying to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is today very different than what was 40 years ago.
In 1975, there were 300 prisoners.
Today there are 2.3 million.
We have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in a concrete freedom.
And this massive inequality, in my opinion, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor or black communities, they find so much desert, so much despair.
One of three black babies between the 18, and the 30 years is in jail or in a concrete freedom.
In urban communities all over the country, the Angeles, Filth, Baltimore Washington, from 50 to 60 percent of all young people in color are in jail or in consciousness construction.
Our system is not just distorted in front of race, it's also about poverty.
In this country, we have a judicial system that is a lot better about whether you're rich and guilty than if you're poor and innocent.
It's not curiosity, but it's wealth what the results are.
And it seems to be very seriously.
And fear policy and food makes us believe that these are not our problems.
We're depressed.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work some very curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, you press rights forever, by always if you have a criminal conversation.
Right now in Alabama, 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to the vote.
And if we project it over the next 10 years the level of rights of rights will be so elevated as it was before you get the law on the right to the vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
Many of my clients are very young.
America is the only country in the world where you feel kids from 13 years to die in prison.
We have in this prison country for kids, no possibility of coming out.
Right now we're in process of some limitations.
The only country in the world.
It represents people on death right.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
So in some sense, they've been taught to think that the final question is, people deserve dying by the company crimes?
A very sensitive question.
But you can think about how we are in our identity.
There's another way to look at it, it's not about deciding whether people deserve dying by the common crimes, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
The death penalty penalty of the U.S.
From every nine executive people, it has identified one which is innocent and free from the death of death.
A rate of error, amazing, an innocent in every nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation you didn't allow airplanes to be allowed if in every single nine that would come down, you would be stressed.
But somehow we get rid of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of if we deserve to kill.
It's interesting that in my classes with students about African history, I talk to you about slavery.
I talk to you about terrorism, the time I started at the end of the reconstruction and it lasted to World War II.
We don't really know about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a time defined by the terror.
In many communities people were afraid of being limited.
You worried to be salary.
The threat of terror was what defined their lives.
Now there are older people who are approached to me, and they say, "Yes, Steve, you say talks, you have a speech, you say to the people who stop saying that in our history we read for the first time with terrorism, after 9/11.
They ask me to say, "No, I say we grew up with that."
The era of terrorism, obviously, with separation and decades of racial substance and separation.
In this country we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we've historically done.
All the time we collide with each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us work talking about races. I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that they couldn't overcome racial segregated without a truth with truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this commitment, but in this country we haven't done this.
I was in Germany giving lectures about death peak.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said, "You know it's okay to hear what you say?
And I don't have death penalty in Germany.
We could never be able to have it here.
The room stayed in silence and a lady said, "There's no way that with our history, we could never get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we are intentional and strangely, we put people out of it.
Think about this.
How do we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, educated people, especially if they were in their most guy."
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrelevant.
And yet, there is this desert.
I think our identity is in danger.
If we don't really care about these very difficult issues, the positive and wonderful things are -- yet they make it.
We love innovation.
We are fascinated by technology. We have creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are shown by suffering, abuse, defense, and marketing.
In my view, you need to integrate both things.
Last we talk about the need to have more hope, greater commitment, more dedicated to the basic challenges of the life of this complex world.
I think that means spending more time thinking about and talking about the poor, the destinations, the ones that never get to TED.
Think about them is, in a way, something that's inside our being.
It's true that we have to believe in issues we haven't seen.
That's what we are, despite being so rational, so committed to the intellectual thing.
With innovation, the development comes not just from brain ideas.
These things come from food ideas also by heart conversations.
This connection of the mind with the heart is what drives us to look at not only in the brilliant and disappearing, but also in the dark and the hard.
Valley Hans, the great boy leader, talked about this.
He said, "When we were in Eastern Europe suffering the oppression -- we did all kinds of things, but mostly what we needed was hope, orientation for spirit, a willingness for being in places of despair and being a method.
Well, that orientation for spirit is practically in the heart of what I think, that even in communities like TED, it must be committed.
There is no disconnect related to technology and design, which allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, to exposure, to inequality.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's go back to it.
I had the big privilege, being a very young lawyer, to meet Ron Parks.
These women are just getting together to talk.
Occasionally, Mr. Carol called me, to say, "Hello, it comes the Park Park. We're going to get to talk to speak.
You want to come and listen to it?
I said, "Be lady. I want to do."
So she said, "Well, what do you do when you come to you?
I said, "Let's say.
So I went and just listen to them.
It was a very striking thing.
And in a occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Ms. Parks went to me and said, "Hey, Brian, I tell you that this idea of the chemical justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do.
And I started giving me my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We try to help those who have been unexpected conventional.
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice.
We try to end with the feelings of life, without freedom condition for children.
We try to do something about death.
We try to reduce the population in prisons.
We tried to end up with mass inequality.
And I gave all my best speech, and when I ended up looking at me and said, "I visited my mine Michael."
And he said, "We are appropriately, very long.
At that time, Ms. Carol announced to me, put her finger on the face and said, "It's why you have to be very business?
I think actually, the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We need to find a way to tackle those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that each one of us is higher to the worst we have made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong to, it's not that it's a law.
Even if someone kills another one, it's not that it's a murderer person.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who must be respected by law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
That's what it is.
I actually think that in many parts the opposite of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think even though it's very dramatic. Very beautiful, very unexpected, very strange, we don't judge us for our technology, by our design, not for our intellectual or rational capacity.
At the end of the end, you judge the character of a society, not because of the way you treat rich and powerful and privileged but the way you treat poor people, conventions, prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand truly profound issues about what we are.
I feel delighted in occasions, I'm going to end up with a story.
Sometimes I do too force sometimes.
I loved cause, like all.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in an important way.
I've been representing these guys who have been sensory with a lot of hard.
I go to prison, and I see my clients of 13 and 14 years old, who have been trained to be killed as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn someone into what isn't it?
The judge does it as an adult, but I see a child.
One night too late was shorten thinking, for God, if the judge can become something you don't are, it must have magical powers.
Yeah, Brian, the judge has magical powers.
You should ask some of that.
As I was too late, I couldn't think correctly, but I started working on a mountain.
It was 14 years old, a tiny, poor, white.
I started working on the mouse, with a reserve that said, "Shakes so that my 14 year-old black client is treated as a private white of 75 years, explorers of a correlation.
And in the mountain I had been an inherent behavior in academia in the behavior of police and the process.
There was a clear line about how in this country there is no ethics but a whole lack of ethics.
The next morning, I woke up thinking that massive machine would be a dream.
For my horror, not only had it recorded, but I had sent it to the cut.
About two months, I had forgotten it.
And finally I decided, "Oh God, I have to go to the email for this stupid case.
I went into the car, and I felt really absolutely advanced, absorbed.
I went into the car to the call.
I thought this would be very difficult and fishing.
I finally got off the car. I walked into the campaign.
I was climbing the stairs when I found a older black man, it was the conservation of the compassion.
When I saw me, I came up and said, "Who is you?"
I said, "I'm a lunch -- he records -- "It's an additionally additionally? I said yes.
Then I was approaching me and added.
And I was shown in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that it was variation.
That is deeply connected with my interior, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience room.
When I walked in, the judge saw me.
And he said, "Oh Steven, you write this male beat."
I said, "If Mr. And we started discussing it.
People started coming in. They were all indicated.
I was the one who had written those crazy legals.
They came up with the cops the assistant fishers, the autonomous.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people. They all were flexible because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the river of the eye you can see when I went and come.
I looked at the window and aging to hear all that graph.
I kept walking up and over there.
Finally, this old black, with face of concern, walked in the room and sat behind me, almost at the table.
About 10 minutes later, the judge said a record.
During the decrease an apple of the steel was started to be striked because the meeting had entered the room.
The apple gets stuck on the old black.
He said, "John, what do you do in the audience room.
And the old black came from foot, I looked at the sand, I looked at me and said, "I've got this audience room to tell this young man who kept his view in the target with faith?
I've come to TED today because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big, but it folds to justice.
We cannot be truly evolved if we don't care about human rights and for dignity.
That our survival is bound to each other.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity must be linked to the friendships, compassion and justice.
And above all, those of the present principles that I share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view in the goal with signal.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: Just heard and see an elevator desire of the audience, of this community, to help in your properties, to do something.
Something that's not a camera. What can we do?
BF: There are several close opportunities.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a refugee of this spring in which you will make an effort to reinvent the funds that are spent today in plastic policy.
For example, here in California, there are a billion dollars in death penalty in the next five years, a billion dollars.
And despite this, 46 percent of the cases of homicide don't focus on arms.
Fifty percent of rapes don't get anything.
Here's a chance of change.
This reference is going to propose that these funds are described to make the law, to security.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in crime in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation is that it has to do with the biggest incarceration rate.
What would you say to those who think that's this?
BL: Actually, the crime rate with violence has remained relatively stable.
The big growth in mass incarceration in this country is not by crimes with violence.
It's for the wrong war against drugs.
That's why it emerges this dramatic increase in the cardiovascular population.
And we let us convince for the rhetoric of the punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people to perfect chain, for stealing a bicycle, by small crimes against property instead of making them give those resources to their victims.
I think we have to do more to help victims from crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy on punishment does nothing for anyone.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Britain, you've been excited to survive today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Announcer: They grow the threats for the death of Bin Laser.
Adam 2: famine in Somalia, Latin 30 -- the police sends O.C. gas.
It leads 4: They wake up 4: Latin five conservations.
Latin six, social declares. It's Learning 70, 65 dead.
Little 8, the tsunami, Latin 90 Carrence.
Several cells. War to the narrative. mass destruction.
Remember, Bangladesh, January January, Egypt.
Crime. Death desert.
Oh, my God.
Peter Diangles. These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months, traditionally could be the last six days or over the last six years.
The idea is that the media media prefer to provide negative news because our minds pay attention.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second of each day our senses get a lot more data than probably the brain can process.
And as nothing cares us more than survive, the first step of all of those data is an old fragment of the temporal lobe called the terror.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger.
And I ordered all the information looking for something in the environment that could make them harm.
And so of a story of stories we prefer to look at the negative.
That old sign of the press, "If there is blood, sell -- is very true.
And because all digital devices provide us negative news seven days a week, 24 hours a day, it's not surprising that we're perfection.
It's not surprising that people think the world is going to be wrong in worse.
But maybe not.
Maybe what happens is that we get disappointments.
Maybe the enormous progress done in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems -- climate change, species extinction and energy scanner, and energy without doubt.
As human beings are very good at beating problems, and on the long run, we had with them.
So let's add it in the last century to see where we go.
Over the last hundred years, the average life of life is more than doubled, average income per capita per capita has been trafficked around the world.
Child mortality has shrunk 10 times.
In addition, the cost of food, electricity, transportation and communications, has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pacific showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kenya that the world literacy went from 25 percent over 80 percent over the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we continue to pay more and taller.
In fact, we reduce the meaning of poverty.
Think about -- today in America, a lot of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, baby, refrigerators television, cells, air and cars.
The magnetic magnets of the past century, the emperor of the planet, would never have dreamed of such luxury.
To support a lot of this is technology, and finally, its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that I put in the information technology in this curve, the Moore's Law, and double the price of price in about 12 to 24 months.
So the mobile phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a super-controlled supercomputer.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First, the soft thing that is, in good and bad times, in war and peace, in recession and in conservation.
It's the rapid computer result to build computers faster.
It doesn't stop before any of the big challenges.
And even though it's graduated in a law on the left, it curve up.
The growth rate of technology is increasingly fast.
And in this curve, to the Massachusett Law, there is a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we tell today.
The computer in the cloud, that my friends of Africa called infinite computing, sensors and networks -- the robotics and 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distributed personalized production across the planet -- synthetic biology, fuel, vaccines and food, digital medicine and the Islam and the A.I.
I mean, how many of you saw the victory in Jefferson of Watson, of TEDTalks.
It was painting.
I searched in the newspapers the best headline I had.
And I loved this one: "They beat human options?
"Jeopardy" is not a easy game.
I played with the killing of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone in the phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called University University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can be used to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to launch a company, or a product or service, that can potentially affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the life of a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would have been armed sound.
Today we can point a couple of companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance -- it doesn't mean to create luxury life for every inhabitant of the planet, it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that stuff that is scarce, and going to be able to get it out.
You see, scan is constructive and technology is a force that releases resources.
I'll give you an example.
It's a story of Harvard Christian of 1800s.
He's the guy on the left.
I invited to dinner the king of Santa.
Taliban troops ate with silver, and the same Natasha, with gold.
But the king of Santa, I ate with aluminum covered with it.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet, more than gold and plate.
That's why the tip of the Monterey Monday to Washington is about aluminum people.
You see, even though aluminum is 80 percent of the mass of Earth, it doesn't come as a pure metal.
It's linked by oxygen and silence.
But then the electrons came and made the aluminum something so cheap that we used it as if it was disappointed.
We put this analogy towards the future.
Let's think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They get to the Earth 16 energy temperature every 88 minutes.
It's not about scanner, but access.
And there are good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the protection for container, 800 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy fell 50 last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that in the late decade of the United States, the solar electricity cost six cents a hour compared to the 15 cents of the national average.
And if we have energy abundance we also have water abundance too.
Let's talk now about wars by water.
Remember when Carl Sagan pointed out to the space spacecraft in 1990, in 1990, after Saturn.
I took a famous picture. How do you call it?
"A pale blue point?
Because we live on a planet of water.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent water.
Yes, 99, it's saltwater, two percent is ice, and we fight by the 1.2 percent of the planet on the planet, but there's a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
It comes neuroscience, the narratives.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovations of the bridge -- I'd like to share with you, I gave me permission to do it, his technology called Solar -- it's already the size of a small refrigerator.
It is able to generate a thousand liters of water in the day of any source.  Sandal, contaminated water, a legislation, for less than two cents a gallon.
The president of Coke just agreed to make a major test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes well, and I have a confidence in which it will be, Coca-Cola will implement it in 20 countries on the planet.
This is an innovation that is driven by this technology today.
And we've seen it in mobile phones.
Oh my God, we're going to get to 70 percent penetration of mobile phones in the developing world in the late 2013.
Think about it, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in Kenya than President Reagan is 25 years ago.
And to count with a smart cell with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
I live in a world of information and communication world that nobody could have predicted before.
Better than that, the things that you and I have paid tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- "The HIV, images, books of books and music, medical diagnosis technology, now they are destroyed, and they lose market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing to get when you get the health applications.
Last month, I had the pleasure of announcing with the Roman Foundation, something called the Prize X Delight Traity, from 10 million dollars.
We are challenging the world's teams to combine these technologies in a mobile device with which they talk about, and because he has IC, they can take -- they can extract the freedom of the finger.
To win it has to make better diagnosis than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world in which there are no doctors, where the death charge is 25 percent, and there are 1.3 percent of health workers.
When this device sequence a virus of RNA or DNA that I don't recognize -- called the health care and first of all, prevent the pandemic happen.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abundance.
I call it the billion.
The white lines here are the population.
We were just going to spend the 7 billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to provide the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, from two billion to five billion users of the Internet.
Three billion minds have never heard of the global conversation.
What do these people want?
What do you do? What do you want to have?
And instead of an economic collapse, we'll have the largest economic injection in history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars injected in the global economy.
And getting more health thanks to the Terrib, from a better education with the Khan Academy and because of the use of 3D printers and computer in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can we give us three billion more members of humanity, educated and productive health.
How about voices never before you have ever gone?
What if we give the operations, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and can act for the first time?
What are these three million?
What if you're wired that we can't predict it?
Something that I learned with the X Prize, is that small equipment, guided by its passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things, things that were only able to do great corporations and governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you know.
It's called Police.
I came up at the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino amino and figure out how the protein is reduced.
The folds determine structure and function.
It's very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a survival problem.
They've played with this college professor, among others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people are supposed to join and they started playing.
And it's shown that today the recognition machinery of human patterns is better to put proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge confidence in the future is that we have more power as people to assume the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the bridge innovation.
We have the capital of terrorism.
And we have three billion new minds that are going to join us to work in the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
The correlation of the participation point.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, before I'll give you three examples to make time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1968.
Maybe you think I had a piece of presents, but it wasn't like that.
I actually collect fish.
And I described one of them as very "man."
It was the search.
It weighs a lot to the 1950s.
Now the fish is at the Red Line list.
But we've heard this story a lot of times, about Galapagos and other places, so that has nothing special.
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're precision.
The pulls still say they remain intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept, the charity of the box.
Because I was there in 1975, studying a launch in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could integrate it.
I was a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I was not there.
This is my first exposure to the sun.
The launch was surrounded by words, and as you can see, from a magnetic magnets.
There were the television to about 20 inches -- the black bomb talent.
And the fish of this therapist was very abundant and passed for a good time, so it was more than half in Ghana.
When I went there for 27 years later, the amount of fish had gone down to half.
It makes the five inches marketing.
They experience a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
It is, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was curious in the introduction of the fishing fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, I started in the 1970s, Europe made a lot of development projects.
Final development emerged to impose countries that had 100 feet, impossible industrial fishing.
And this boat, pretty ugly, was called the Muslim four.
I went out to fish in him, and we did studies in the South Sea of China and especially in the Mark Sea.
What we captured was something intensive.
We captured -- I know, the bottom of the sea.
Ninety percent of what we captured were space, other animals that are in the background.
And most of the fish are tiny blobs about a few remains -- remains that are coral reef fish.
In short, the bottom of the sea came to the cover and then it was appearing.
These images are extraordinary, because transition is very quick.
In a year, you make a study and then start the commercial fishing.
The bottom is going to be a solid source of coral, in this case, to be a realization.
This is a dead torture.
They didn't eat them. They were destroyed because they were dead.
Once we captured a life.
I was still not scared.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of remains is what the fishermen are going to take every time you go to an area where you never fish.
But it's not a documentary.
We transport the world, but we don't remember it.
We published the starting point, the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we grow this stuff like this.
In the axis. And we have good things, biodiversity and amount of organs, the green of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Every generation uses the images to meet the beginning of their conscious life as the normal and it will stretch it forward.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
But they didn't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the switch of change.
And at the end of keeping a few remains motivation.
And that, in large measure, we want to do now.
We want to keep things that are no longer about what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when the predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to a few generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal that is very abundant -- before extinct, is very often.
You don't lose angry animals.
You lose very little animals.
Even if this is not perceived as a big loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a holy sea of big fish.
They become unlikely because we fish.
Over time you get a few fish, but we think that's the point of participation.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists, questioning it was very different.
And they will do it because evidence present in a previous way is not the way they expect the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of you presented -- as you capture so many fish in this area can't use it, or usually don't use the scientists of fish because it's not "being "being?
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, although we live in instinctive societies, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
From there the enormous role that can make a protected marine area.
Because with the protected marine areas, we actually recognize the past.
We recognize the past that people can't conceive because the particular point has come up and it's extremely low.
That's for people who can see a protected marine area, and they can benefit from the vision they provide -- which allows them to erase their participation point.
What about people who can't do it because they don't have access, like the Middle West people, for example.
I think the arts and cinema may fill the vacuum.
This is a simulation of the Bulgaria Balk.
A long time ago, there were gray whales in the Bay Bay, 500 years ago.
And you have noticed that marriages and touching are like "Britain.
And if you think about "The "Carrian if you think about why people get together with the film -- I'm talking about the history of Polynis, why to meet the images?
Because it makes something that, in a sense, has been lost.
So my recommendation -- the only one I give, is to Cambodia, to do "The X, under water.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin Hollywood, the TED trend manager and I look at YouTube videos in a professional form.
It's true.
So today we're going to see why videos are getting viral and what important that is.
We all want to be stars, celebrities -- touchs, commons? When I was younger, that seemed something very, very hard.
But today the web video makes any of us, or our actions, copper in a part of our global culture.
Anyone can do famous on the Internet in a sand.
They get over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And of those, only a little bit of a percentage gets viral -- it gets a vision of vision and winning cultural moment.
How does that happen?
Three things: Three things: property communities and surprise factors.
Well, let's start started.
Bronx Carrian Oh, oh my God. Oh my God.
Oh my God!
Wow.
God, galaxy.
KA: Last year, Bobby Turkey published this video shot outside his house at the National Park.
In 2010, it was 23 million times.
This graph shows the representations in the popular course of the past summer.
Berkeley doesn't make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double aerial bow.
That's what you do if it's called Ethiopian Mountain Berney.
I had published a lot of videos from nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kimber.
Jimmy Kimber published this guy who catches the video to popularity video.
The trends of trends like Jimmy Kimber presented us new and interesting things and they were leading them to a broader audience.
Red Blackberry.  It's Friday -- Friday, you have to start the Friday --   Everybody wants you to get the weekend of the week, the end of weeks.   Video: You start the Friday --  KA: You don't think we could have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
"The Bank Bank is one of the most popular videos of the year.
You saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
Like "The Iraq Does, this video seemed to have come out of nowhere.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask for those other peaks are also Friday, too.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday partner?
Well, taken Timber Talks, and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael John Nelson, Nelson, from Acumen School Telescope, was one of the first people to make a joke on the video in Twitter.
But what is important is that a person or a group of trends of trends adopted a point of view, and they share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So, this community of people who share this big internal joke then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 steps from "Starting in YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each other day.
Unlike the American entertainment entertainment entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is our way of being part of the phenomenon and doing something new with it.
"There Cameline, it's a repeat animation with a music absolutely.
So that's it.
This year you saw about 50 million times.
And if you think that's rare, you know there's a three hours version of four million times.
The cats saw this video.
And there are cats that you saw other cats see the video.
But the important thing here is creativity that woke up between the Internet tech community.
There was recording there.
Somebody made a version of the old one.
And then he became independent.
Suddenly, I came up with a whole community of recording that made this happen from being a dumb joke to something that we all can form part.
Because today we don't just enjoy it, we participate it.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted "The "body Dr. or Robert Black or "Well Canyon?
What the script could you have written to do that situation?
In a world where you get up two days of video per minute, only that truly unique and unexpected can get rid of how these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who protest against the viruses in New York, admit that I didn't care too much.
Casey Girl: So I was not able to circulate by biomass but often there are obstacles that prevent you directly by bicycle.
KA: Thank you to the surprise effect and your humor, Casey Girl got five million people to see and understand his idea.
So this approach is worth for everything new we do in creative form.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Bronx Carrian -- what does this mean?
JS:
KA: What does this mean?
Territory creators, creative communities of participation -- totally unexpected, are characteristics of a new kind of media -- from a new culture, to which we all have access and is the audience that defines the popularity that defines the popular.
As I said before, one of the current celebrities of the world, Justin Bordination, started in YouTube.
They didn't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little bit of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media, they're just the current media, but they define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that is still creating.
Let me tell you about some of the parts.
Imagine the first piece, a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a decoration, a man whose entire life had supported in the unique hope of unit and freedom of his country.
So imagine as the comments enter Sandy, looking at the fact that their life had been totally in charge.
The words, for so long friends, is now blocking.
It was reduced in silence.
He died in history.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that have been in vain and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to completely come in, but we would support it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat to the support disappointed to the sea.
My mother, Mars, was only 18 years old when his father died, and a marriage came up and two small girls.
For her, life had fallen into a single task -- the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was unbelievable for her, I couldn't do it.
And after a four year-old soup that defies the fiction, a boat dropped into the distributed sea.
All adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear were parasites, rape and death.
As most adults, my mother took a bank with poison.
If you capture us, first we took my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant rate of the engine, the love of supply in each wave, and the horizontal and empty horizon.
I didn't remember the pirate parasites that came several times, but they were encrypted with the man value in our boat, or the engine died, and I couldn't run for six hours.
But I know I remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, ended up the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried, because of the men of the platform.
No apple had the same flavor.
After three months in a refugee camp, we said in Mexico.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women around three generations shaping a new life together.
We set up in Forests, a kind of work submarine whose population is made of immigrants of immigrants whose population.
Unlike the middle class subtle, whose existence -- in Forests, there was no sense of the right.
The smells that come from the shops were the rest of the world.
And the English fragments were engaged between the people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked in farms, then in a car assembly line, working six days, double turn.
Yet, I found time to study English and get a title on IT -- (Audience of information.
We were poor.
All of the dollars were stupid, and they established an extra tumor in English and mathematics, no matter what you should say, which was usually new romantic, always was a second hand.
Two media pairs for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the accents, because I had to last six years.
And there were single weird and painful things about the "support and some graphics, "Sandous, come home.
home, what?
Something in me is authentic.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said, "I'm going to support?
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was stupid every night, but we told ourselves about our day, and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered performance, all the boat.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmare began to be able to wake up.
She opened a computer store, then studied to be stress and opened another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't do the transition and angry, and influences and kids who were trained between two worlds.
They look for substrate and specialists.
They created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, I was the classic Asian student, which was involved with what I would find from myself.
In the other, I was locked up in premature lives, traditionally affected by violence, drug abuse and isolation.
But many received aid over the years.
And by that work, when I studied my last year of lawyer, I was choosing the young Australian author of the year.
And I was catalogues of a piece of the puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit.
So I read America, including Forest And I was now Lester and refugee and social activist -- invited to talk about sites that I had never heard of name, and in houses that she had never imagined.
I didn't know the prototypes.
I didn't know how to use the covers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to give the routine and the comfort of life in a substantial suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters end up the day as they did for almost 20 years, telling them about the day of each and cheating asleep, three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom I couldn't do it.
I remember that I had the same age that she had when we got to the ship.
The "I have never been an option.
"Hey, he said, "You're not what you don't do."
So I talked about youth and education and defense to the marginalized and the defenses.
And the more frankly I talked about it, the more it was safe to talk.
I met people in all walks of life, many of them doing what they love, living in the border of possible.
And although I finished my crash, I realized I couldn't stay in a hardware race.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be a stranger -- a newborn one, new on the scene -- and not only is it good, but it's something that will be grateful, maybe a ship of the ship.
Because being inside it can easily mean curves the horizon, it can easily mean accepting the questions of your promise.
I gave enough steps out of my comfort zone to know that, yes, the world is broken, but not the way we fear it.
Maybe they wouldn't have been allowed to be a tremendous acceptance.
There was a energy there, an imprisoned optimism, a rare mix of humility and value.
So I kept my intuition.
I ended up a small group of people for whom the motto can't do it was an irrational challenge.
For one year, we didn't have a cents.
At the end of every day, I made a giant hole of soup that we all share.
We worked up at night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant ones, and we opened up.
I took the decision to move to the United States.
After a single journey.
My hearts.
Three months later, I had moved me, and the adventure continued me.
Before I finish, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time where the Congressional was the social norm and the local Monterey was the person who matters.
Life had not changed for centuries.
His father died shortly after she was born.
The mother was sold alone.
At the age of 17, it became a memory whose mother was blamed.
No support of his husband, he caused a short school to demonstrate and take the cause himself, and much more complete cause when he won.
You can't do it to be wrong.
I was in the shower at the fourth of a hotel in Sir when she died, to 1,000 miles, in Monterey.
I looked through the magnitude of the shower and I saw it standing on the other side.
I knew I had come to wake up.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Forests, and we sat around his anxiety.
We told them stories and we made sure we were still with it.
At night, a monkey came up and told us I had to close the anxiety.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
I asked the monkey, "Why is your hand hot, and the rest of the body so cold."
"Because you have taken your hand from the morning, he said.
"You have not supported it.
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Given who we were and how life formed us, we can now see that men who had come to our lives would have been frustrated.
The defeat would have easily agreed.
Now I want to have my own kids, and I wonder about the boat.
Who could want that to right?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
I can give you a little bit in their lives, stream up in every wave -- the constant pace of the engine, the vast horizon that doesn't guarantee anything else?
I don't know.
But if I could give you and look at it, I would do it.
Transition News and also the mother of so is here today, in the fourth or fifth row.
My story begins in Roseles about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the sing south Milogo Albert.
We were convinced how nothing has changed since the age of the ancient Indian complete and Malawine Margare.
In those days when Indians wanted to travel to a car and we broke the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time, when Arabia, the big prince of Indian warrior -- he had silk, he took a bow and with a soil on the floor, he got water.
Now we do the same with workshops and machines.
The conclusion we took was that the machinery had replaced magic.
And that got me a lot.
Every time I felt a little bit more technical.
I was terrified with this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate an approach if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't take my friends.
It seemed to me that the technology had to allow the magic to allow them to allow the magic to be able to kill the magic.
My grandfather gave me his grandmother player bottle.
And this 50 year-old technology was for my most magical thing.
It became a golden door to a world full of images, of parasites and stores in my imagination.
I had the feeling that mobile phones and luxury and cameras prevent that we are selective.
They felt our inspiration.
So I woke up with this technology world to see how to use it to create magic, rather than killing it.
It illustrates books from the 16 years.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative device able to connect the readers in the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
They put the text with the image, the animation, the sound and the touch.
The narrative becomes increasingly multiplicity.
But what does that serve us?
I'm about to launch Kosovo, an interactive application for iPad.
He says, "Just your fingers on every light.
And so  He says, "This box is here? I write my name.
And so I became a character of the book.
In several times I get a cart -- the iPad knows where I live thanks to GPS -- that comes down to me.
My inner girl was excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean males and drones, but to that magic of childhood, to those ideas that we open out of children.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar always found me exciting.
So over here, we have to raise the iPad.
And really, illuminate your way in what the book remains.
Another idea that fascinated me about a girl was that a whole galaxy was known in a ball.
So here, every book and every world became a button that I would drag into this magical device inside the device.
And this opens a map.
In every book of fantasy there has always been maps but they've been static maps.
This is a map that grows and film and guide you during the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book as well.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another very important aspect for me is to create Indian content and at the same time.
These are the applications.
We've all heard of the homes and the girls, but how many people outside India know their Indian controllers, the applications?
These poor applications have been trapped in Indian cameras for millennia.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child story.
In a story that deals right issues like environmental crisis.
And talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that kids have been locked up to their PCS, they haven't come out of the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can pull our kids into the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go out at the outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a kid, I had a lot of collections of course, stones, sheets and stores.
For some reason kids don't do it.
So to recover this ritual of the childhood, you have to go out and in a chapter take a picture to a flower and then take it out.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then take it back.
This way you create a digital collection of pictures that you can then put in the Web.
A kid in London put a picture of a pig, and he says, "Oh, I saw a bird."
A kid in India says, "I saw a monkey?
And it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital pictures that have been taken out.
Within the malaria variants between magic, Earth and technology is a lot of possibilities.
In the next book we will be able to have an interaction where you go out with the iPad and the video, and you can actually see you see a group of analysis that appear on the indoor plants in the house.
At a moment, the screen is full of leaves.
And you have to do the sound of wind and download it so you can read the rest of the book.
Let's go to a world where the forces of nature are engaged with technology and magic and technology is closer to another.
We use the energy of the sun.
We are approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic, joy and child love that we sit through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why a lot of pulses fail.
And I think, really, the most important thing about that is we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at the Radio University was deliver to a liberation of listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she looks at a little cup of coffee or tea and asked patients, family and knowledge, what happens?
"How can we help them."
And we tend to think that this is one of the biggest problems for what all of us, or maybe not all, but most of the credit projects, because we stop listening.
This is my distribution.
It has a period of input and approach.
Every morning I got up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge to get to 95 kilograms away.
But it's so simple, every time I connect me, I send my information to Google Herbar.
And my medical doctor has access to him as well. So he can see what my weight problem is, not at the same time where I need heart care or some urgency of that style -- but to see it back.
But there's another thing.
Like some of you know, I have more than 4,000 followers in Twitter.
So every morning I connected my distribution Wi-Fi and before I get to my car, people start talking to me today, I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the pairs used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people from their chairs and together develop some recent activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week it will be available.
This little battle connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people would be able to go from their homes, from their homes, take their art pressure, send them to their doctor, and share with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is where patients assume a position, they are going to restore control and to be captain of their own boat, but it can also help us care about health care because of the challenges that we face, like the discussion of the cost of the attention, the distribution of demand and other issues.
They do techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like this, but also by crossing.
And one of the things we did would like to share with you with a video video.
We all have control control in cars.
Maybe we even have them in our cell phones.
We know perfectly where the car boxes are in Malayan are.
Also where all the galaxies are.
And of course, we can find fast food chain.
But where is the nearest DNA closer to help this patient.
We asked ourselves, but nobody did.
Nobody knows where to get the DVD saving lives right now.
What we did was we were doing cross-section in the Netherlands.
We created a web website, and we asked the audience to see a DNA, please show a dollar, and when it is open, because sometimes they open up in office hours and others are closed.
And over 10,000 feet is already introduced in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the application for that.
And we did an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Lake, augmented reality, to find these DNA.
And every time they are in the city of Malayan and someone calls, they can use their iPhone, and the next weeks use their McDonald's cell to find the nearest DNA, which can save lives.
And from today, I want to present this one, not just like Death Fourth, which is the name of the product, but also like DNA.
And we want to start in the world level.
We are bringing all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find and work and act like a center for the crossing of CDs around the world.
Every time you are from vacation and someone collapses, it can be a part or somebody in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us value these DNA.
You might be a service service or a phone service or a telephone people, for example, to see if the DNA that shows is still in its place.
Please learn in this and not only improve health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share "Star photograph.
Or it's "The photographed.
Because, of course, they're photographs that can't take their cameras.
My interest in photography was woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years.
It was mixed with my passion before I draw it, but it was a little bit different because when I used the camera the process was in planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera the process ends up when you press the pulse up.
For me the photograph had more to do with being in the right place, at the point of mine.
I thought anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that started by pressing the pully out of it.
photos like this, a building in a very translating road.
But it has an unexpected turn.
And despite it, they keep a level of reactors.
Or pictures like these, dark and colorful at the same time, but with the common goal of keeping the level level.
And when I say realistic I say photographers.
Because, of course, it's not something that I can capture but I always want it to seem to be captured in some way as a photograph.
Photos that you would have to think of a moment to discover the trick.
It's more to do with capturing an idea that with capturing a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them seem really really really really to look really really.
Are the details or the colors, right?
It involves light?
What does the illusion create.
Sometimes illusion is perspective.
But at the end, it's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive in a two-dimensional surface.
It's actually not about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of reality where we take different pieces of reality and we put them together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfectly imaginary objects, something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combine in a certain way can create something that still looks three-dimensional.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So we send the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that it doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by combining pictures.
It's really to combine different realities.
And the things that make a picture seem realistic -- I think they're those where we don't even think, the things that surround us in our everyday life.
But by combining photographs is very important to consider it, because otherwise something is going wrong.
So I'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to get realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of pictures must have the same perspective.
Second, the computers have to have the same kind of light.
And these two images made up with these recently, they were taken to the same height and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to make impossible to distinguish the principle and end of different images with perfect unit.
It has to be impossible to see where the image is.
This is another example.
I could think this is the image of a landscape and the bottom is manipulated.
But this picture is completely composed by photographs of different places.
In the staff I think it's easier to create a place to find because you don't need to put in danger the ideas that you have in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter I knew I had several months for planned to find the different locations for the pieces of the puzzle.
For example, the fish was captured in a fishing journey.
Costs are a different location.
The underwater part was captured in a piece of rock.
And yes, I even did red the house of the island of the island so it looks more Sweden.
So to get a realistic outcome, I think it makes planning fundamentalists.
It always starts with a bomb, an idea.
Then you have to combine different pictures.
And here every piece is very well thinking.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures the result can be very beautiful and a very realistic time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
Let me start showing a slide about technology, very boring.
Please, if you can put it."
It's a diagram that I took from a card card.
I'm not interested in showing you the details but the general thing.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of RNA microbial microbials versus the power of local area networks.
What's interesting about this is that this is, like many other we tend to see, is sort of a straight line in logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude on the performance scale.
Speaking about technology with search curves is a novel thing.
Here's something weird happens.
And that's exactly what I'm going to talk about.
Please understand the lights.
I needed more intensity because writing about paper.
Why do we grow technological curves in the collectively scale.
The answer is that if you draw them in a normal curve where you say, these are the years or some of the time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I want to graduate -- the diagram would see something ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say much.
But if you graduate it, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a separate curve would be very silly -- we would see a straight line.
But if something like this, it gives a qualitative change.
If the transportation technology will move as fast as the mathematical mathematics morning, we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But I didn't move at that rate.
There are no precedent in the history of technological development of a certified growth that every few years advance orders of magnitude.
The question I want to do is look at these exponential curves -- we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes.
It was one of two things.
Or it will become a typical curve -- I know like this until I get something completely different, or maybe do something like this.
That's everything that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
So we would now be in the middle of a transition.
In this line, we're in a transition of what used to be the world in a new way.
So what I try to ask you, and ask yourself, is, what is that new way that you adapt the world?
What new state does the world do?
The transition seems very, very confusing if we're embedded in it.
I remember a child in the year 2000, and people used to talk about what happened in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future is still the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has gone on, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel something is happening.
It's a transformation. We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't have a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because everything will be so different that what we're doing today doesn't make any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how it might be that transition that we experience with.
But to do that will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and computer.
Because I think the only way to understand it is to take distance and look at the long-term things.
The time scale that I would like to do is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we went back for about 2.5 million years when the Earth was a big rock rock with a lot of chemicals floating around it.
If you look at the way we organize those chemicals we give ourselves an idea of how things happen.
And I think there are theories to start understanding the origin with RNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and it is that, at that time, I had floating some oil galleries with all kinds of chemical recipes inside.
Some of those oil axes contain a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate materials from the outside, and so they grew up.
They started to divide.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms -- those oil galleries.
But those blobs were not alive in the current sense, because each one of them contains a random recipe of chemicals.
And every time you divide it takes an unequal distribution of chemicals that you make.
So every girl was a little bit different.
In fact, the drops that somehow make a difference to be better at the time to incorporate the chemicals together, grow more chemicals and divide more.
They usually lived longer. They were more represented.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things became interesting when these guys learned the trick.
In some ways we didn't understand very well these guys learned to store information.
They learned to save information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemical called DNA.
In other words, they picked up in this meaningless evolution, a writing system that allowed them to register what they were in order to replicate it.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since they evolved 250 million years ago.
Our recording, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code.
Here I have 100 white microbes that I try to hide the security people airport.
But they converted -- I took this code, the code has the common letters we used to use in this, and I wrote my personal data in this DNA framework, and they burn it 10 to 22 times.
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card in my personal card I have a lot of for every single person in the world, and it's here.
If it was a culture I would have put it into a virus and would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step?"
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy another billion years.
But then another big step happened in which things became very different and it was that these cells began to exchange.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So for example, for example, evolved antibiotic resistance.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid penicillin and admit to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there are many resistant to penicillin because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave place that they would form communities that, in a way, were together in that, and they established a synagogue.
That way you survive or fail together, or it is that if a community was very successful all the individuals in that community will replicate more and they were favorable by evolution.
And the inflection point happened when these communities came up so much that, in fact, they were used and decided to write all the recipe of the community together in a chain of DNA.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And in that stage, we have multi-to-one communities of many different cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a multinational community.
We have a lot of cells that are no longer acting alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without the heart of the heart, or the muscles or the brain, etc.
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than the cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened inside these communities.
These started to admit information.
And to build very special structures that didn't make information in community.
It's the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities build.
In fact, they began to specialize within the community being responsible to recovery and understanding and bringing information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that time as individuals, learning was confined to the duration of an organism and not at the time of evolutionary time.
So an organism could, for example, learning not to eat some fruit, because I knew bad and sick the last time I ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had built these information processing structures that by evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years for the death of individuals who ate that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system built those information structures enormously accelerating the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen to an individual.
It could happen in time you need to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea of an idea in your head.
I'm sitting here emitting a few degrees and hopefully building a similar idea, very strength and confusing, in your heads that I would save some analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated to become sound, in sound sequences, and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That now allows us to start working as a organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started to do abstract.
Now we go through similar periods to the multicellular organisms, we abstract our record methods -- presentation and information processing.
For example, language invention was a little step in that direction.
Telephone, the computer, the video tape, the DNA, etc., are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that led us to something much bigger and faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microscope.
You saw the TED evolutionary example in which I produced some evolution with the Copernican program, in our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the time scales again.
The first stages of the story that I told you was taking a billion years each.
The next stages -- the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred years of years.
The next one, language etc., took less than a million years.
And the next one, like electronics, seems to take a few decades.
The process is represented -- I guess addiction is the right word to name something that will take its own pace of change.
The more change, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we look at in this exploration of curve.
We see the process represents.
But I won my life designing computers, and I know that the mechanisms that I work to design would not be possible without recent computer advances.
But now I design objects of such complexity that would be impossible to me in a conventional way.
I don't know that it does every transistor in that connections machine.
There are billions.
Instead of that, with the designers of Thomas Malawi, we think of a level of abstraction -- we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that could be done before, and it comes much further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes the methods we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using lately, is evolution itself.
We put inside the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale scale.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from an alternative sequence of instructions.
We say, "Please computer -- you can run 100 million sequence of instruction sequences.
Could you pick up these solves of instructions to the random, put all those programs, and take those who are able to do what we want to do?
In other words, I define what I want.
Let me say I want to bring numbers, to put a simple example.
So we find the programs that are closer to bring numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions, bringing numbers, so none of them did it.
But one, luckily, I could put two numbers in the right order.
And I said, "Excuse me, you could take 10 percent of those random sequences that you better did the task better?
We played those and we eliminate the rest of them.
And now we are going to work for the best progressions of the numbers.
And we went back to play a process of anti-inspiring recovery to sex.
We take two programs to take a little bit, and they get substances, and kids inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of programs from programs that had a little more success.
And we say, "Please repeat the processed.
It runs again.
I introduced some mutations together.
And it tries again and I rely with another generation.
Well, each generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or in complicated cases, in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that bring numbers in absolutely perfect.
In fact, they're a lot more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs I can't say how they work.
I've tried to analyze it to see how they work.
These are dark programs.
But they chose the comet.
In fact, I know, I have the security to get the goal because they come from a lot of hundreds of thousands of programs that succeeded.
In fact, their lives depend on getting it.
I once went in a 747 with Margaret Michael and he took a card and he says, "Look, this one.
He says, "My airplane has hundreds of thousands of particles working together to offer a safe flight. Doesn't make you feel confident?
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they get complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make a different design process.
And that allows us to produce things much more complex than it produces normal engineering.
However, we don't understand the choices that there are.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make much faster computers, and so they can execute these programs much more quickly.
And it is represented.
The thing goes faster and faster and so I think it seems so confusing as well.
Because all these technologies are controlled.
We're catching up.
And we are at a moment that is analogous to the single-celled organisms when they became multinational music.
We are the love and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're in the inflection point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant about our part to think that we are the end product of evolution.
And I think all of us are part of the creation of whatever it is coming.
But now comes the lunch and I think I'll stop here before you get rid of me.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that needs to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've been enough time enough to allow you to get part of my fake present in that.
Before I treat the theme of my talk, we talk a little bit of baseball.
Why not?
We are near the end of the end, the World Service approaches.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's going to come up with the rules, talk about statistics and use them to form a big baseball team.
I focus on one of them, and I hope many of you know it.
It's called base average.
And we talked about 300 of a bottle that broke 300 dollars.
That means the battle battery effect, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the game field without being caught up, and that anyone who tries to launch the first base, not to time, and the second foundation will be saved.
three hundred attempts of 10.
You know how to call a 300 in the Great Labs?
Well, actually, maybe the team of stars.
You know how to call a Bill baseball battle?
By the way, that's someone that from 10 hits -- I guess four.
Let me be legitimate, like the Lebanon Telescope William William, the last player of the Great Line of Big in running more 400 balls in a regular season.
Now let's bring this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable or maybe less uncomfortable, after what I would tell you today.
Suppose they have applications and they are dedicated to a surgeon that has also a 400 in applications.
So it doesn't work, right?
Now suppose that you live in a remote place and one being loved has two obsessed coronary arteries and your family doctor sent it to a cardiologist whose record in angiogenesis is 200 of 200 dollars.
But you know something?
She's getting dramatically improving.
And their skills have been 252.
This is not working.
But they ask them.
What do you think it should be the average of the opening of a heart or an orthopedic surgeon or a climate organized.
1900, very good.
And the truth of the issue is that nobody in all medicine knows the challenges of good surgeon, of a doctor or a paper.
What we do, though, is to send them into the world, and I was included, with the mandate, of being perfect.
That never ever made a mistake and pretend to figure out how to do well.
That was the message that I absorbed when I was in medical school.
I was a computer obsessed student.
Once, a school in high school said that Brian Gates studied until a blood test.
That's why.
I studied in my little stripe, in the University of the General Hospital nurses -- not far from here.
And I learned all of memory.
From my kind of anatomy class, memory the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every artifact that comes out of the drop, the distributed difference and the non-zero-sum difference.
And I even knew the difference of the difference about how to classify the wind shell artist.
And as long as they accumulate more and more knowledge.
And I was very good, I graduated with honor.
And I heard of medicine school with the impression that if you memorize everything, then you knew everything, or the most possible, close to everything, because so I'm intrigued from mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met the Mrs.
I was resident in a university hospital here in Toronto, when they brought the sand to the education service to the emergency service where I worked.
At that time, I was assigned to the heart service.
And when I emerged soldiers that I was going to get to a cardiologist I took it to that patient.
And they reported the resident boss of resistance.
When I saw Mr. Dr. I was sanction.
I heard a research sound.
And when the author, I heard a sound shipping in both sides -- which makes me a heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops working, and instead of cutting the blood forward, the blood goes to the lungs, these are full of blood, and that's why there is difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose it.
I did it and I started working on the treatment I would give you.
He gave him assistant and medication to relieve pressure in his heart.
I gave it district, water pills so that I could eliminate liquid.
And in an hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very well.
And there was when I made the first mistake, I sent it to your house.
They actually eat two more mistakes.
I sent it to your house without talking to the resident boss of resistance.
I didn't pick up the phone, I didn't do what I should have done, which was called my boss and playing it with him to see her.
And if my boss would have seen it, it would have been able to take a complicated information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that would require constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and capable of taking responsibility, that I could take care of my patients without even contact my boss.
The second mistake that you eat was worse.
When I send her home, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my inside that I was like, "Wow, it's not a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, I was so insecure that I asked the nurse to take care of the Denne Mr. "Danied, "What is well if you go home?
And the nurse thought, and then he said, with total nature, "Yes, I think it's going to be right."
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So I signed up the high, and the ambulance next to the papers took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, I had a bad presentation in the stomach.
But I followed my job.
At the end of the day, I started to leave the hospital and walk into the parking parking where my car was to go home. At that time, I did something that I don't normally do.
I went through the emergency service.
And there was another nurse, not the one who was taking care of the Denne Dr. Bronx before, but another one, told me three words, those three words that most emergency emergency doctors teach me.
Other specialists also fear them, but there's a participation in a substance and it is that we see the specific patients.
The three words are all right?
"Do you remember the patient that sent your home?"
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
And she said, "Well, she went back with the same voice tone with it.
She was fine.
But I went back and on the edge of death.
At the cost of an hour of having reached his house after I gave him the tall, he suffered a collapse, and his family called the 1989, the passengers brought it to emergency with an article of 50 feet from Ha, which means a severe shock.
I just breathe and I was blue.
The emergency staff goes all their resources.
They gave them medication to raise the art pressure.
And they put an artificial breath.
I was comfortable and held to the spinal cord.
He had a feeling of feelings because after the structure was in intensive therapy and waited against all hope they would recover.
And in the two or three days later, it was obvious that never display.
He had an irrational brain damage.
The family got gathered up.
And in eight or nine days, they recovered what was happening.
And the ninth day, you let it go, Mr. Dr. Dr. wind, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
The next weeks -- I stood through it and I experienced for the first time the shame of shame that exists in our medical culture and I felt just -- apple, without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the countries and you never get that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The marriage shame I talk about is the one that makes us feel very bad inside.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong, but we are bad.
And that felt that.
And it wasn't for my boss, he was a love.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure that you hold things up and you make sure you wouldn't wake up.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why did I not ask my hand? Why did I send it to your house?
And in my worst moments, why do you make a strike so slowly?
Why did I choose medical?
A little bit of that feeling was distributed.
And I started feeling better.
And in a night day, he opened the sky and finally came out the sun, and he asked me if I felt better again.
And I did a deal with myself in which if you remove efforts to be perfect to not make any more mistakes.
And it was.
I went back to work.
But it would happen.
Two years later, it was help in the emergency department in a hospital hospital to Northern Toronto, and I got a man from 25 with a pain on the throat on it.
I was very busy.
And he walked here.
Look at his throat -- I was a little bit color.
He was worried about penicillin and sent him home.
But while he got to the door he kept pointing his throat out.
Two days later, when I came to make my guard change, my boss asked me to talk to me in his office.
And I put the three words. You remember you?
Do I remember the patient that I saw for a pain in the ball?
Because he came back and didn't have a scientific facility.
It had a potentially deadly addiction called successful.
You can look at Google -- it's an infection, not from the throat, but from the top, it can cause the closing of those tracks.
He was fortunately, not failed.
It is adapted by being interviewed and recovered to the few days.
And they went through the same period of shame and records and then I hit me and I went back to work, until over and over again, and again.
Two times in the same emergency turn, not diagnosed associations.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a hospital, because it goes to 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home, and I don't think it's been a desert.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation of it.
You provide a racial breakthrough, but it turns out normal -- a colleague that was checking the patient perceived certain sensitivity in the lower right-hand shot and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
I gave you liquid for Republicans, and I asked my colleague to give him it.
I checked it up and by noticing some sensitivity in the lower right-hand square, called the surgeon.
Both of them were operated and recovered well.
But every case, I was disturbed with me.
But I'd like to tell you that they eat the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and as a lot of colleagues say, it's a thing.
The most significant ones have been for the last five years.
It's just embarrassed and without support.
And here's the problem, if I can't release and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voices that tell me what really happens, how could I share this with my colleagues.
How do I teach you this so that you don't eat the same errors.
If I enter a place like this, I would have no idea what you think of me.
When was the last time you heard somebody talking about failure, after failure, after failure?
Of course in a party they heard about the mistakes of other doctors, but they don't listen to someone talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues also, that a transition in my hospital was the wrong leg, believe that I would have difficulty looking at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system in which there are two positions -- the ones that make mistakes and the ones that don't sleep and the ones that you know, the ones that have passionate passengers and those who have great outcomes.
And it's almost like a ideological reaction, like antibody that starts to attack that person.
We have the idea that if we go from medicine to people who commit mistakes. It will be a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years of diversity and medical journalism, I've made a personal study of bad medical prison and medical errors to learn what possible, from the first article I wrote for the Stanford Standard to my program, "The Congo, Black Arthur.
And what I learned is that mistakes are unexpected.
We work in a system where errors happen every day, where one of every 10 prescribed drugs in hospital are wrong, or demographics are not right -- in a system where individual infections are increasingly and more numerous and more numerous and more diversity and death.
In this country, they die 24 dollars for articulated medical mistakes.
The U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000 dollars.
In both cases, it's about wild substrates, because we're not discussing the problem as we should.
And that's what things are.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiply every two or three years, and we don't update us.
The sleep population invaded everything.
We can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow a perfect story of a patient with pain in the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain in the chest, and it comes crazy with wind eyes and altruism to alcohol, and suddenly my story is about contempt.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot, I don't do things always the same.
And my patients are not cars. They don't regulate their symptoms always in the same way.
So the mistakes are inevitable.
So if we take the system as they teach us, and we eliminate all the professional professionals to mistake, well, no one will be no one.
And what do people don't want to talk about their more serious cases.
In my program -- "but white, black art, it's already my worst mistake." I would say to everybody, from the papers to the heart surgery chief -- "This is my worst error, blah blah blah blah blah -- "What are your mistakes? And I would direct the microphone to them.
And his students would stop, to go back to the head and get out and start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
You want to be able to say, "Look, they don't eat the same error."
They need a context where they can do it.
They need a repeat medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The recording doctor is human, you know human, you accept it, and you don't proud from your mistakes, but you effort to learn from what happened to teach others.
They share their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
He pointed out the mistakes of other people not with the intention of adding them, but in a loving way and support so that everybody will benefit it.
And I work in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings lead the system, and when this happens, they make errors of time in time.
My name is Brian Gates.
I'm a recording doctor.
I'm human, I make mistakes.
And I feel so much but I strive to learn something that can transmit others.
I don't know what you think of me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words, I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take a day?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
Recently, I made a survey to over 2,000 people and the average amount of choice that says to choose a medium American -- it's about 70 percent a day.
It didn't make a lot of in a research followed for a week to a group of printings of business.
The researchers are recorded by the different tasks of these executives and the time they were employed in making age-related decisions.
They found that in average, it was 170 jobs a week.
Naturally, every job includes a lot of members.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of your time.
Now think about your choices.
You know how many people belong to nine minutes, and how many of a house."
How do you drive those decisions?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of today, choose to the substance of options.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
While I talk about this I'm going to ask you a few questions and I need to know their answers.
When you ask a question, like I'm blind, you raise your hand only if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when you ask a question, if your answer is positive, please give you a paper.
And now my first question of the day. Are you ready to hear about the problem of the optimism pulled.
Thank you.
Being a graduate student from the University of Stanford, suggesting this very, very high level, at least at least at the time it was very sophisticated.
It's called Deterrestings.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were 250 different classes of mustard. And they came, over 500 different types of fruits and vegetables and about 25 percent water water -- and this was when we took water from the tap.
I loved to go to that store, but in a occasion, I asked me, why did I never buy nothing?
This is the standard of the olive oil.
They had more than 75 different classes, including those who were on top side that came from military trees.
I once decided to visit the manager and I asked him, "Do this strategy of offering all these choices?
He pointed me up the buses full of tourists that came every day, usually with his cameras.
We decided to do a little experiment with the military metals. This is the one.
Passion.
They had 360 different classes.
We put a post to declare, right at the entrance of the store.
We put there from six flavor metals, or 24 different flavors and we looked at two things: First of all, what case people were willing to stop the method, to stop the metal?
More people stopped when there was 25, a 60 percent, that when there were only six, about 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a metal cake.
Here's the opposite effect.
Of those who stopped when there was 25, only three percent came to buy meters.
Of those who stopped when there were six, we saw that 30 percent bought meters.
If we do the calculations, people had six times more likely to buy meter if they found six, than if they found 24 percent.
Well, deciding that we don't buy the metal probably convinced us --  less it's good to think of the line, but it turns out that the problem of substance overload affects us in good decisions.
We decided not to decide, even though this doesn't tell us.
Now the theme of the day, the financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study I did with Gary Harvard, Emergence Karachi and War Japan, where we looked at savings decisions for about a million Americans -- between about 400 plans in this country.
We are interested in seeing if the number of funds of funding available in savings plans for retirement. The 40, developers to people to save for the future.
And we found that there was a correlation in fact.
We had 65 plans that went from two to 59 different options.
And we found that the bigger that the number of funding was, there was less participation.
So if you look at the ends, we see that in the plans that offer two funds, the rate of participation was 70 percent or more, not as high as I would like.
And in the plans that offer about 60 funds, the rate of participation.
It turns out even if you decide to participate, when there are more choices, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those who decided to participate, the bigger the number of choices, more people were engaged by avoiding actions or hedge funds.
As they were more choices, they were more willing to invest in financial terms of market.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we remember to optimize the future financial well-being.
In the previous decade we've seen three main negative implications by offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that you make the decision -- that you appreciate it even when this goes against the interest itself.
It's more likely to make the worst decisions, in finance and in health.
They're more likely to choose things less satisfying -- even though they're going to be better.
The main reason is that we have to look at that gigantic variety of massive, mustard and stream and member, but we are not able to do the calculations to compare and control and choose from that amazing expedition.
I want to propose to you today four simple techniques that we've become, in one form or another, in different research, so that they can trust their business.
The first is: Court.
You've heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, which is more than more.
People always bother when I say, "Come on.
They worry about losing space in the airplane.
But actually, what we're looking at is that if you decide to cut, you get rid of strange redundant choices, you will have an increase in sales. You will get the costs -- there's a better experience in choice.
When Power & Gamble went from 26 different types of Henry & Shanghai to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the Gulf Gallows Collider chooses the products for cards of cats that were still sold -- they increased the uses in 57 percent, the largest sales and less costs.
You know that today's supermarkets.
In a Wall store you offer about 100,000 products.
But the largest stores in the current world is Albert and offered only 1,500 products -- a kind of tomato tomato shot.
In the world of financial savings -- I think one of the best examples that have emerged about how to handle the choices is the plant of David Lawrence, the Harvard program.
All the Harvard employees are automatically introduced to a life insurance fund.
You really want to choose, you offer them 20 funds, not 300 or more.
You know that people often say, "I don't know how to cut it.
They're all important options.
The first thing I do is ask the employees to be asked by the differences that there are among those choices.
And if your employees can't differentiate it, you can't do their clients.
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking to Garden.
He told me that he would be willing to offer people from this audience with a couple of vaccines with all paid to the world's most beautiful road.
Here, a description here.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read and then I want you to give an applause if you're ready to take the supply of Garden.
(Audience: Well, anyone who's ready to accept the supply.
They're not more?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who's ready for that work?
I think it actually fits more hands.
All right.
Actually, you had more information in the first role, than in the second, but I can go forward and say they thought the second time it was more real.
Because the images made it more real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of options, which is Congress.
For people to understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of each choice, and that consequences must feel very vivid in a very concrete way.
Why are people spending 15 to 30 percent more in average when they use debit cards or credit cards than when they use effective.
Because it doesn't look like real money.
It turns out to make it more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Shanghai Berkeley and Alexander President, on the U.S. staff that worked in North America, these people were in a meeting where they were spread to a 40 plan.
And to that meeting, we thought exactly as we used to, we did a little addition.
What we added was that we gave the staff to think about the positive things that happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this matter there was an increase in the autonomous 20 percent and an increase in the amount that were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings accounts of four.
The third technique is California.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study we did on a magazine hall.
We saw that in the Washington supermarkets throughout the North Korea, the magazine exhibition can contain from 300 different kinds to 64.
But you know.
Because the collision tells me how to difference.
These are two gods of gods.
One is called "Hello, and the other, "all."
If you think the one on the left is Saul, and the one on the right is Japan, you give a paper.
(Audience: Well, there are a few.
If you think the one on the left is Jack and the one on the right is Satan, you give a paper.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Jack and the one on the right is Satan. But you know something?
This carbon framework is totally useless.
The categories have to indicate something to choose -- not what defines them.
You often see this problem with those huge funds of funds.
What are you supposed to be informed?
My fourth category, contributing complexity.
It turns out that we can handle much more information than what we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We need to increase the complexity.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's see a very complicated decision, the purchase of a car.
This is a German flag of cars that allows us to be completely personalized.
You have to take 60 decisions, to drive the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that offer each one.
College, outside of the car. I have 56 possibilities.
Motor, change box -- four options.
What I'm going to do is you see the order in which the decisions.
So half of the clients are going to go from a lot of options, 56 colors, to a few four boxes.
The other half of customers are going to go from a few choices, four boxes, 56 colors, many options.
And what am I going to look at.
How much you are.
If you get always the button in every decision in every decision, it indicates that you're overwhelmed or whether you're losing them.
We found that those who go from a lot of choices to a few of them, we open the button over and over again, and another time.
We lost them.
If you go from a few options to many, they continue there.
Same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was alter the order in which information is presented.
If we start with the easy, you learn to choose it.
Even though I picked up the change box I don't say anything about the preferences of the inner decline anyway, we all prepare us to choice.
We're excited about a product that we're building that now has more hooked with the process.
So to sum up.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of options substance, Corrocator, eliminate strange alternatives -- Congress, making it real, California, we can handle more categories with less options -- contributing complexity.
All these techniques I've been presented to have been designed to help manage the alternatives or better for you, to use them in their issues, or for people who serve them.
It's that I think the key to getting the best of a choice is to be careful to choose it.
And the more careful we are in our choices better we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the '70s, in the communist East Germany, if you had a writing machine to write to the government.
There was to be a text sheet of text text with the machine.
And this so that the government could track the origin of the text.
If you found a writer with the wrong message you could trace the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West we didn't think somebody could do this, so much that this limited the freedom of expression.
We will never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser printer of any big manufacturing and print a page, that page will end up having some yellow yellow points in every page that will follow a pattern that makes them own one and their printer.
That's happening to us today.
And nobody seems to be a lot about this.
This is an example of the ways our governments use technology against us, the citizens.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems in the network.
If you see what happens in the online world, we can adjust the attacks according to their attacks.
There are three main groups.
They're the cybercriminals.
Like Mr. Diang Gulf from the city of Kyoto, in Ukraine.
The cell phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the circuitry to win a lot of money, extracting entire money.
There are really many cases of millions online, photographics that would make money with their attacks.
This is Flatophilia Taliban from Toroson, Star.
This is Alfred Gandhi.
This is Stephen Walker.
This is Bale Susan.
These are Martin Anderson: Tonibo February etc., etc., etc.
These guys make their strengths online, but they do it by illegal media through banking trees to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy in an infected computer.
The secret service of the United States, two months ago, I held the Swiss account of this brother, Sam Japan, and this account had 14 million dollars when he was frozen.
Mr. Japan was all about his paradox.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us are victims of a circumstance that from real crime.
And it's very obvious that this is going from bad in worse.
In the future, most crimes happen online.
The second group of actual attacks that we see today is not motivated by money.
There's another thing that moves, they motivate the protests, they motivate the opinions. They motivate laughter.
And groups like Anonymous have been depressed in the last 12 months occupy a paper in the online attacks.
Those are the three main attacks, the criminals who do it for money, the antibodies like Anonymous who do it to protect and the last group are the national states that attack them.
And then we see cases like Dallas as well.
That's a good example of government attacks against their own citizens.
Dictionary is a certified authority of the Netherlands, or, actually, it was.
He declared the last one because of a sandwich.
They would overcome the safety of the site and he was allowed by a cyber border.
Last week, I said, in a meeting with a representative of the Dutch government, I asked one of the leaders if they were finding the death of people to cause the death of people to Dilia care.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die with an attack of these?
Dictionary is a relative authority.
They sell controllers.
What do you serve the correlations?
Well, you need if you have a website with the tents, encrypted services, Silicon, services like Google.
Except that it involves a foreign religious authority.
And it was emitting applied collapses.
And in the case of Dallas it happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt."
Well, in Egypt, the protesters held the seat of the Egyptian police police in April and during the surrounding of the building, they found many papers.
Among those papers was this card called "The "compared."
And within that folder there was notes of a company in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government tools to interpret a large scale of the citizens of the country.
They had sold this tool for 250,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The state of the company is right here.
And it is, Western governments provide tools to totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments are also doing this themselves.
For example, in Germany, only a couple of weeks ago we found the Supermarket tree, a tree used by government officials to investigate their own citizens.
If you are suspicious in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interviewed.
But it goes further.
It's interested in connection to the Internet.
They use even tools like the School trees to infect our computer with a tree to allow us to see all the communication, and listen to the online arguments to get our data.
When we think about things like these the obvious answer should be "Well, it looks like something bad, but I don't really affect because I'm a honest citizen.
Why do you care?
I have nothing to hide.
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in play the privacy.
The privacy is not expanding.
It's not a question of privacy against security.
It's about the freedom against control.
If we could trust our governments today in 2011, whatever right now we respond to today, will be forever.
Would we be blind in any future government, in an administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that have to worry about in the next 50 years.
Here's where I live. I live in Kenya, in the South National Park.
These are the cows of my dad, at the bottom, and behind the cow, the National Park Park.
The National Park Park has no close in the most part of the south, which means that wild animals like fences migrate freely outside the park.
And predators, like lions -- they follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our cattle.
This is one of the ones that killed at night, and so soon we woke up in the morning, and we found it dead and I felt very bad because it was the only thing we had.
My community, the maps, we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to get them, and so we value them so much.
So I grew up getting a lot to the lions.
The deaths are warriors that protect our community and the livestock and they're also upset with the problem.
So kill lions.
This is one of the six lions.
I think that's why there are so few in the National Park.
A child in my community, in the six to nine years -- is responsible for his father and it was the same thing that I came to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought lions gave them fear.
But I realized that this was actually not going to be, because they even help lions see the store of far.
I didn't hate me. Continuous.
A second idea was to use a spiritual spirit.
I tried to send the lions to believe that I was near the stable.
But lions are very clever.  They came the first day and they saw the spirit, and they were going, but the second day, they came back and said, this thing doesn't move, it's always here.  So they jumped and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the stable with a torch and that day the lions didn't come.
I found that lions are afraid of the light that moves.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch with which you will try and turn out the lights.
And this is a little lamp.
I hate everything.
As you can see, the solar panel load the battery and the battery would supply electricity to the little individual box -- I call it a transformation.
And the indicate box makes light steps.
As you can see, the pumps are going outside, because that's where lions come from.
And that's how you see it when you come at night.
So light lights and engaged lions to think that I'm walking through the stable, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never got to have trouble with lions.
And the houses of the neighborhood hear the idea.
One of them is this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals and asked me if I could put the lights.
I said yes.
They put them out. You can see the bottom, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used now throughout Kenya, to scare other predators like helicopters, legal, and also it's being used to scale elephants from farms.
Thanks to this invention I had the fortune to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Browns International Indians, and I'm very excited.
My new school now is helping to raise funds and consciousness.
I even took my friends to my community and we installed lights in the houses that they don't have, and teach them how to put them.
So a year ago, I was just a kid in the seals of the savanna store the cows of my father, and I used to see airplanes flying out, and he told me that some day would be inside one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come in plane for the first time to TED.
My big dream is to become an engineering engineer and pilot when I grew up.
I used to hate the lions but now as my invention is saving the cows of my father and the lions. We can be with lions without any conflict.
Here I mean, what in my tongue means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to listen to a story like yours.
So you get a breakthrough, Richard Turkey. Yes.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next one in your list?
RB: My next invention is, I want to make a fence closer. CA: A close close?
RSW: I know you already invented the electric closes, but I want to do mine.
CA: So I try it once, right? And you, Richard.
We're going to encourage in every step that you go, friend of mine.
Thank you very much. Richard. Thank you very much.
When I was tiny. I thought my country was the best on the planet.
And I grew up a song called "The "The Faizure Nobel."
And I felt very proud.
In school, we went all the time studying the story of Kim AIDS, but we never learned a lot from the rest of the world, except America, South Korea, Japan is the enemy.
Although sometimes I asked myself about the rest of the world -- I thought I would spend my whole life in North Korea, until everything changed suddenly.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family was not poor, and I had never been hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter of my sister colleague.
That said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop there in this world, because we haven't eaten in the two weeks.
We're reconstructed together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak. We are ready to die.
I was very high.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
At a little while, when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible that I can't delete my memory.
A homeless woman was dead on the street, holding a kid stuck in her arms looking at his mother without able to do anything.
No one helped them, because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families.
A huge hunger attached to North Korea in the middle of the 1980s.
In the end, more than a million Norwegians died during famine and only few surviving paintings and insects and tree cortex.
They also became more and more frequent the entire energy cortex, all of my around me was completely to dark at night except by sea lights in China, barely crossing the river from my house.
I always wondered why they had light and we don't.
This is a South Korean picture in the night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the Architect River, which serves from line between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very increasingly angry in certain points, allowing us to notice self-controlled.
But many die.
Sometimes, I saw bodies floating in the river.
I can't reveal the details of how I came from North Korea, but I can only say that during the years of hunger I was sent to China to live with distant particles.
But I just thought I would be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined that I would take 14 years back to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea how life was like a National refugee refugee.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because the Norwegian refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants in China.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was reducing, and it would be replaced to a horrible fate back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare was reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police and focused on the police station.
Somebody had been accused of being National and then examining my skills in Chinese language, and asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explode.
If it didn't look natural, it could be incarcerated and developed.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answer questions.
At the end of the interconnectedness a official said to another, "This was a fake reactor. She's not National Shakespeare.
And let me go. It was a miracle.
Some notes in China are looking at stream in foreign training.
But many can be arrested by Chinese police and democratic.
These women were very lucky.
Although they had captured them, they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure.
These non-levels didn't have so much luck.
Every year, countless norms are captured in China and demonstration to North Korea, where they're tortured or embarrassed or executed in public.
Though I was lucky in screaming, many other North Koreans have not been so lucky.
It's tragic that the nutritions have to hide their identity and fight so hard just to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all of his world can take them in a moment.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I've decided to guess going to South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
They started in South Korea was a much greater challenge than I expected.
The English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood there was a big gap between North and South America.
We are all corals, but inside, we have become very different because of 67 years of divide.
They even run a crisis of identity.
I'm supporting or normally.
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country that I could call with pride me.
Although I adapt to the life in South Korea, it wasn't easy, I did a plan. I started studying for the income test to college.
Just when I started adapting to my new life, I got a call attack.
North Korean authorities interpret some money that sent my family, and as a punishment -- my family was going to be displaced to force to a location in the outside.
They had to come from immediately.
I started planning how to help them escape.
The nutrients have to travel long distances on the way towards freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So, ironically, I took a flight to China and I went back to the border with North Korea.
Since my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to burn it in some ways, for more than 3,000 miles across China and then through the Southeast Asia.
The bus journey took a week, and we were almost caught several times.
Once, our bus was arrested and overwhelmed by a Chinese police officer.
I asked the identity of everybody, and I started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When Chinese officer came up to my family, I immediately stood up and told him that they were subtle people who were adaptable.
I looked at surprised but fortunately believed me.
We did all the way to the Lab border.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Law.
But even after spending the border, my family was arrested and launched by crossing the illegal frontier.
After I paid flights and sands, my family was released in a month.
But at time, my family was arrested and incarcerated again in the capital of America.
This was one of the lowest points in my life.
I did everything to liberate my family, and we were so close, but my family was convicted in prison at the distance of the South Korea.
I went and came between the office office and the police station, desperately trying to liberate my family.
But he didn't have enough money to pay more bribe or flies.
I lost hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man ask, "What's the problem?
I was so surprised that a stranger would care about question.
With my poor English and with a dictionary, I explained the situation, and without doubt -- the man went to the ATM and gave me the rest of the money for my family and other two norms and take them from prison.
I took my heart, and I asked him, "Why do I help me."
"I'm not helping you, he said.
"I'm helping people biologically.
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The nice unknown unknown is a new hope for me and for the National village when we needed it.
And I showed that the kindness of the unknown, and the support of the international community are actually the rays of hope that the National people need.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I got together in South Korea.
But getting its freedom is only half the battle.
Many norms are separated from their families and when they open a new country, they start with little or no money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, practice from English language, and more work practice and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people inside North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us keep in contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that is helping change Korea from North Korea.
I've been very fortunate -- I've got a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help notes a chance to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more non-levels transformation around the world, including on the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in South Central Center.
This is Central Central stores, very fast food, bad food.
So the city planners got together and thought, we're going to change the name of the South Center to represent something else, so they changed the South Anderson, as if this will fix what is actually wrong in the city.
This is Los Andy America.  Tennis of limited, fast food, battle terrain.
Just like 26 million other Americans live in a food desert, the South Central Angeles, home of food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that food places to lead more people than food in the car.
People are dying of curved diseases in Los Angeles.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times larger than we say, "Called Hills, which is like 15 miles away.
I'm tired to see this happen.
And I wonder, how do you feel if you didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you come out of home you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in its neighborhood?
I see wheelchair bought and sold as cars use.
I see circuits of digital dictators like Steven.
And I think this must stop.
I think the problem is solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
I am also tired to drive 45 minutes of anger and come back to buy a apple that doesn't have periods.
What I did, was planted a food forest in front of my house.
In a land of land we call a shock.
It's 45 feet six feet long.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what I was in win, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it."
This is how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, LG: Green Greeks, we put together and start planting our food forest -- frontal trees, you know, the nine full vegetables.
What we do is we are a kind of a group paid by the acceleration of all the printings, all over the city and completely volunteers, and everything we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
Then someone gets off.
The city came up with me and in summary, gave me a chart saying I had to withdraw my garden, the cyber was made by the orange order.
And I said, "Come on, really?
A court order to plant food on a piece of land that nobody matters?  So I was like, "Well, can you get it."
Because this time it wasn't going to happen.
LT: Times had the story written by Steve London, and he talked to the configuration and one of the members of Green Greeks, who put a petition in Chicago, with 900 signatures -- we were successful.
We had the victory in our hands.
My partner even called to say that they would breathe and leave what we were doing.
I mean, let's go, why not?
LG: It's the city of America with more batteries back.
It has 60 miles of battery terrain.
That equals 20 Central Park.
That's enough space to plant 72 million plants.
Why the hell don't look good like this?
They grow a plant to give about thousands, 10,000 seeds.
When a hallucination dollar will give them 75 dollars of output.
It's my case, when I tell people, culture your own food.
By growing your own food is how to print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for Central Center.
I grew up there. I grew up my kids there.
I'm afraid to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing for me by others, and I'm going to manipulate my own reality.
See, I'm an artist.
The shock is my graduate grandmother, I culture my art.
Just as a graduate artist, I was going to get walls -- I would get bones, sheep.
I use the garden, the land, as a piece of canvas, and the plants and the trees, are my burning of that canvas.
You would be surprised to see what the earth can do, if you let it your canvas.
You just can't imagine how amazing a bush is and how to affect people.
What happened?
I'm a witness of how my garden became a tool of education, of the transformation of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of land.
We are the land.
You would be surprised to see how kids affect kids.
The shock is the most therapeutic and proposing act you can do, especially in a universe.
Also, you get friends.
I remember a occasion, who came up with a mother and his daughter, were like the 10,000 at night and were in my garden, and I went out and looked very isolated.
I said, well, man, I felt bad that you were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt shame when I saw people who were so close to me with hungry, and this just resisted why I do this, people ask me, "Hey, don't you fear that people are going to steal your food."
And I say, "Oh God no, I don't have fear that you will be reduced.
That's on the street.
That's what it is about.
I want you to take it, but sometimes, I want you to pick up your health.
There was another occasion that I put a garden in a shelter in the center of Los Angeles.
They were these guys, who helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous. I was sharing their stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with their mom and his grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how it changed them, and so just for a moment.
So Green Greenland has come to plant maybe 20 arms.
We've had -- like about 50 people who come from, work and participate, all of them in voluntary plan.
If kids grow clothes, kids eat climate.
If you grow tons, eat tons.  But if none of this is taught you, if you're not taught how the food affects your mind and your body, you eat you to blind what you put in front of you.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing in which they're stuck. I see color kids who are in this road designed for them, which is not carrying them anywhere.
With the adversity, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids to join their communities to have a sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe the next George Washington Washington produced.
But if we don't change the composition of the land, we never will.
Now this is one of my plans -- this is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens where people can share food in the same block.
I want to take content and turn it into healthy coffee.
Don't bother me.
I'm not talking about free things, because free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability, you have to support it.
What I talk about is to put people working, to take the kids out of the street, who know the joy, the pride and the honor to grow their own food, to open farmers.
What I want to do here, we need to make it sexy.
I want you all to become a receiver bottom, and the contacts, the analogies are accepted.
We have to change the script of what's a conference.
If you're not a shock, you're not a content.
That the users are taking their password again?
That is their choice of choice.
In sum if you want to meet with me, well, if you want to see, you don't call me if you want to sit in the comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some shit, to talk about making some shit.
If you want to see, you come to the garden with your stick, so we can plant something.
Poet. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Skateboard noises)  You probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road.
It's made of standard, and the asphalt is a good material to drive it, but not always, especially not in days like today, that it takes a lot.
You can have a huge amount of water in the atmosphere that I saved.
And especially if you're mounted in your bike and these cars pass out, that's not very nice.
Also, asphalt can do a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads as in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we want a quiet road.
The solution for that is to make a paradox rate.
The particular atmosphere, a material that we use now in most of the course of the Netherlands, has periods and water can go through it, so all the rain water flows down to the sides and will have a road that it's easy to drive, and they wouldn't save water.
Noise also disappears in these pores too.
Because it's very huge, all the noise will disappear -- so it's a very silent road.
It also has defenses, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can get rid of it.
What is the unintended, you see that in this road the stones on the surface are coming out.
First one stone, then several more and more and more, etc., and then, well, I'm not going to do that.  But you can give it your pathology, and you won't be happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more damage.
Sometimes they can create balls with that.
Oh, it's ready.
Basically, of course, you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
Here you can actually see how the damage comes to this material.
It's a porous, as I said, so it only has a little amount of shopping between the stones.
Because of the interaction, the ultraviolet light, to the Amazon, this leader, the glue between the rivers, the party between the rivers, and if you get up, you will do microbes and you will separate from the advertising.
So if you drive on the road, you will take the adds, as you saw it here.
To solve this problem, we think about authority materials.
If we can make this material, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel, of that for clean seasons, and we can cut the steel bar into very small chunks, and we can mix those little bits with the bad.
So we have a little bit of stress with little bits of steel on it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- a machine machine.
The identity can be healing, especially steel, is very good at that.
So what you have to do is to heat the steel, melt the bad, the bank flow by these microscopes and the stones are going to look back to the surface.
Today I use a microwave oven, because I can't bring the great innovation machine here on the stage.
The microwave rate is a similar system.
I put the show, which I'm now going to take to see what happened.
This is the show that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there, and then the government, really saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's very interesting. We have to try.
So we got a piece of roads, 400 meters from the AIDS highway, where we had to make a test cart to test this material.
So that's what we did there. You see where we were doing the road test, and then, of course, this road lasts several years without any damage. That's what we know about practice.
We take a lot of samples from this road and test them in the lab.
We made the samples, we put a lot of burden on them, we would repair them then with our intelligence machine, and we would repair them, and we would go back to it.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can tell you that we've made a material using steel fibers invading these fibers using the energy of innovation to actually increase the life of the surface of the road, even you can double the life of the surface, you can actually save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity of whether this also worked.
We still have the sample here. It's pretty hot.
And actually, you have to focus first before you can show you how the repair act.
But I'm going to make a try.
Let's see. Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember a morning with the sound sound in my house.
My father was listening to BMW in his little gray radio.
I had a big smile in his face that was unusual at those times, because the news usually depends on it.
"The Taliban was going to be on my father."
I didn't know what I mean, but I could see that my father was very, very happy.
"Now you can go to a real school, he said.
A morning I never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban came up from Afghanistan and they made illegal girls to go to school.
For the next five years, I saw myself as a child to escort my older sister that I could no longer be alone to go to a secret school.
It was the only way that the two could educate them.
Every day, we took a different route so that nobody could support where we were going.
We had to hide the books on the market bags so it would seem to be a business.
The school was in a house, over 100 of us in a small room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely warm in summer.
We all knew that we risk our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every once in a while, school was suddenly closed for a week, because the Taliban shoes.
We always wondered what they knew of us.
They were following us?
They knew where we live.
We were adaptations, but yet, the school was where we wanted to be.
I was very fortunate to grow in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a team.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total uncomfortable of a remote protection of Afghanistan, insisted that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so his father would replicate it.
But my education mother became teacher.
This is it.
It took two years ago, just to become our home in school for girls and women in our neighborhood.
And my father, this is, was the first of his family in getting education.
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education, even their daughters despite the Taliban.
For him, there was a greater risk in not to educate their children.
Over the years of the Taliban. I remember there were moments when I was very frustrated by our life, and I was always scared and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to go back, but my father said, "Oh my father, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money. You can force your house during a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with me, which is here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we'll do it.
So you still want to continue?
I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that's been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of women in my age have more than the bacteria, and if my family hadn't been so committed with my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find myself here proud of recording in Mexico College.
When I went back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, the one that was effective from his home for the courage of educating her daughters, was one of the first ones in harmful.
He didn't just get away from my college degree, but also that I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, who brings it down on the streets of Kabul.
My family believed in me.
I dream in big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador of 1951, a global campaign to educate women.
That's why I cofounded AIDS, the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country that is still risk for girls to go to school.
The exciting thing is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to leverage the opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families who, like the mine, addressed for them, despite and still in front of a pop-up opposition.
Like Albert. It's not his real name, and I can't show you his face, but Albert is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter went from the way from AIDS to his village, and literally they came out of being killed by a bomb on the road, for minutes.
When you get to your house, you're the phone, a voice will admit that if you kept sending your daughter to school, you will try it to try.
"I am like, if you will, he said, "But I don't give the future of my daughter for his old and reducing ideas.
What I've given to Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of whom we translate, there's a father who recognizes the value of his daughter and he sees that the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key in our success.
In fact, it's often the first compelling interests of the brilliant future of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban the girls who went to school are told in hundreds, remember, it was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes.
I fear that these changes don't look too much, after the U.S. troops of the U.S.
But when I went back to Afghanistan, when I see students in my school and their parents who advocate for them, that animals, I see a private future and a lasting change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and unconscious possibilities, and every day the girls of the AIDS will remind me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
I never, I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in the stage, "Son, resist Gandhi. fight against him.
But you never get a Chinese state revolution.
They've spent almost two years since it was the lower revolution inspired by the empty molecules that are so much from the Tunisian revolution as the electrode.
A force with many other bone citizens, inside and outside the country to call a document day and started a revolution against the atomic regime of Gold.
And we did it, it was a great revolution.
Women and young men were in the completely angry, they were operating the fall of the regime -- they put freedom of freedom, dignity and social justice.
They have shown an example of the face by facing the dictator of Gabby.
They've shown a big sense of solidarity from the East East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war and a few thousand dollars, we managed to release our country and defeat the shot.
However, Galileo left a load heavy, a letter of the shot, corruption and seeds.
For four decades, the theoretical regime of Golden destroy infrastructure, culture and moral structure of free society.
It connects the devastation and the challenges, I've wanted to do with a lot of other women, to rebuild free civil society, to demand an inclusive transition and just to democracy and national reconciliation.
It was established about 200 organizations in Benjamin over and immediately after the fall of Gadey, about 300 in Creator.
After a 33 year-old period, I went back to Libya, and with a unique excited, I started organizing workshops about the development of capacity, and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women, we founded the Women Laboratories by peace, a movement of women, leaders, from very diverse orientation, to advocate by the socioeconomic autonomy of women and for our right of engaging participation in the building of democracy and peace.
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the private period, an environment that was getting more politically, which is model of the selfish policies of dignity and exploring.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won a 17th of the National Congress in the first elections in 52 years.
However, a little bit, the electricity of elections and revolution as a whole, were disappearing, every day we found violence.
One day we woke up with the news of the old mosques and sub-Saharan theories.
Another day with the news of the American entities and the attack to the consumer.
Another day we woke up with the news of the orientation of the army.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government of the millions and their own violent rights of human rights and their lack of respect of law.
Our society, formed by a revolutionary mindset, is more political -- has been moved from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
The intelligence, the exploration and the collapse became the icons of the consequences of the revolution.
I'm not here today to inspire us with our story of the success of the crazy credit, and the election.
Now, I'm here today to trust us that we, as a nation, we chose wrong, we made the wrong decision.
We don't practice well.
Because elections didn't bring peace, stability and security to Libya.
The credit list and the alternative between candidates and candidates brought peace and national recognition?
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why is our society still polluted and dominated with selfish policy policies and exposure, both by men like women."
Perhaps what was missing was not just women, but the female values of compassion and mercy and including.
Our society needs the national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than it needed the choices, which just reform the polarization and the divide.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the female to the most as the numerical representation and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting like anti-second agents and call them from anger.
We need to start acting as an agent of compassion and memory.
We have to develop a female speech, not just honor it, but also put it in practice the micro-commodities instead of control, rather than competition -- inclusion instead of exploration.
These are the ideals that a Libya, defense by the war, needs desperately to get peace.
Because peace has a advertisement that deals on international and alternative between female perspectives and male people.
That's the real credit.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it so surprised.
According to a translation of the Koran County parent, he was the word of the memory God.
At time, the word "design, which is known in all indigenous traditions -- has the same root in Arabic than the word "constructed, simulating the feminine and material of the allow to all the humanity that men and women, of which all tribes and all the peoples have gone in.
And so, just like the uterus completely covers the embryo that grows inside, the divine matrix of compassion is all the existence of it.
This is how we say, "My micro-courtically makes all the things ...
This is how we say, "My professional microscope.
That you can all tell the grace of microbes.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about a defense question, which has a equally decreased response.
This is about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is the one that everybody is doing always, why does she be going to go?
Why was somebody going to stay with a man who was telling him to see."
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old. I was just licensed at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and editor in the Seattle magazine.
I had my first application, my first green American card, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times -- the man, that I created my twin soul, I would love my head with a piece, carry up with a short box ball.
The man, who I loved more than anyone in this world, put a pistol in my head and love to kill them more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of "Because love -- a psychological trap. I discuss love, where you fall every year millions of women, and even some men.
It could be your story.
I don't look like a typical support of domestic violence.
I'm a limitation in the University of Harvard University, and I have an MBA on Mario Business School, Steven.
I've spent most of my career working for the list of the "Court 500 -- between the Johnson & Johnson, Leo Bureau and The Washington Post, and The Washington Post, and The Washington Post, and the Washington Post, in between.
It takes almost 20 years to marry my second husband, and we have three children.
My dog is a black label and a manufacturing Hustable Arabic.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all the race, all the religions -- all of the levels of record and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a problem of women.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of the substances are men, and domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships, interactive, and long duration or said in the families, the last place where we want or hope to find violence, which is why, domestic abuse is so destroyed.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that was going to stay with a man who told him, and I was actually a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States, women between 16 and 24 years of age have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the other ages, and over 500 women and girls in that age are killed every year by partners, novels and abusive husbands in the United States.
I was also a typical victim because I didn't know anything about domestic violence, its warning signals or its patterns.
I met Congress in a cold and cheap night night.
I was sitting next to my side at the New York subway and started playing me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he also had been licensed from a college from the America Leonardo and he worked in a very important bank of Wall Street.
But what struck me most about that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and it seemed like a field of the field.
He had a lot of big monkeys like apples and a broken Jewish hair and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things I did, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner.
He did it all over the beginning in a periphery.
We started coming out and loved all of me, which was list, that I had gone to Harvard -- that I was going to have been to Harvard -- I was going to be able to help girls teenage and my work.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
I know I believed in me, as a writer and as a woman, as no one had done it.
And it was why I was going to spread it in that school presentation and work on Wall Street and his brilliant future had so much important for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is seduced and getting to the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is suspension.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was I came from New York and leaving the work of my dreams, but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner, so I accepted my work, I left my work and Congo and I went together from Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling in a "beloved love, which was entering head in a physical, financial and psychological trap.
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it react to it.
And this is where those persons come in.
As soon as we moved to New England you already know, that place where I know that Congo had to feel so safe to buy three posts.
He had a car current in the car.
Another woman under the pillow in our bed, and the third always in his pocket.
And he said he needed those persons to cause the trauma that lived small.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those guys actually were a message for me, and although I had never lifted my hand, my life was already in serious danger, every minute in every day.
The first physical attack of Congo happened five days before our wedding.
They were seven o'clock in the morning and he still had the road.
Five days later, when the 10 bites of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother's wedding suit, and I married him.
Despite what had happened, I was sure we lived happy forever, because I loved it, and he also wanted me a lot.
And I was very, very arguing.
He just felt very overwhelmed by the wedding and the fact of forming a family with me.
It had been an isolated accident, and I never would make me harm.
I spent twice as much in our mood moon.
The first time I was driving into a secret beach and lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that I picked up several times against the window of the car.
And then a couple days later, driving back from our honey moon. It took off the traffic and threw a Big Mac into the face.
I kept putting a couple of times a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One of every three American women is victims of domestic violence or approach at some point in their life, and the Disease Control Center reported that every year 15 million children are superstars, 15 million.
So actually, I had very good company.
I'll go back to my question: Why did I get it?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
Instead, I was a very strong woman in love with a profoundly clever man, and it was the only person in the world that could help Congress to face their demands.
The other question that everybody does is, why don't you just get the marketers."
Why don't I go? I could have gone at any time.
For me, this is the most sad and painful question that people do, because we, the victims, we know something that normally ignored, is incredibly dangerous to abandon a superior.
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the killers in the case of domestic violence occur after the victim has gone end to the relationship, after they get up, because then the abuse has nothing to lose.
Other resources include permanent approach, even after the abuse has come to married, financial resources -- and manipulation from the court justice system to feed the victim and their children, who usually are forced by the judges to spend time not supporting the man who was paying their mother.
And we still keep asking why isn't it simply going?
I was able to go in, and I was able to be able to go through a last flying school that sold my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, would have killed me if he had allowed it.
So I broke the silence.
I told everybody, to the police, to my neighbors and my friends and my family, to complete unknown, and I'm here today because everyone helped me.
We have the tendency to visualize victims like specific ladies, extinct women, damaged goods.
The question, "Why does it go?
For some people to be a way to say, "The guilt is to be able to be about the stage, as if the victims are intended by men who want to destroy them.
But since I published "The love love, I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who were also struggling -- that they learned an invisible lesson of what happened to them and that reduced their lives life and happy lives like employees, wives, and mothers, completely free lives of violence, like mine.
Because it turns out that I'm actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence.
I went back to marry a cute man and a nice, and we have those three children.
I have that black label and also that microscope.
What I'm not going to have ever ever ever ever got anymore, ever, is a charter play pointing my head into someone who says I want.
Right now, you're just thinking, "Oh, that's amazing, or "Hey, what stupid it was, but all this time I actually have been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people who are listening to me right now, which are being sharp or that they were small.
The malaria could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to end my crazy love to break the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse is only in silence.
They have the power to end up with domestic violence just throwing light on it.
Videos need everybody.
We need each one of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
They take the church to light talking about it with his children, their coworkers and friends and family.
It will reduce your vision of survivors as fantastic and lovely people who have a flat future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to interact consciously, to stop their climb and show the victims a safe wage.
Together, we can convert our beds, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful waves that should be.
Thank you.
Hi. I call me Cameron Russia, and for a while, I am model.
To be precise, for 10 years.
And I feel that at this point there's an awkward tension in the room because I shouldn't have dressed this way.  Luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first rock change on a TED stage, so you have a lot of luck to preserve it, I think.
If some of the women will be horrified when it comes up, they don't have to tell me now, but I'll find it later in Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think of me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These are very uncomfortable, less bad that I don't have to use it.
The worst part is to spend this support by the head, because it's when you go to laugh of me, so you don't do anything as I get your head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but also supermarket.
I've completely changed what you thought of me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a girlfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable, and the photographer told me that they would take the back and get the hair hair.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial bronze that I made two days ago for work, there is very little that we can do to transform our aspect -- which, although superficial and immersion, has a great impact in our lives.
So today, to me, being brave means being honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice and white woman, and in my workforce, that's being a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do with me, but a feature.
The first question is, how do you get model?
And I always say, a connection discovered me, but it doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I made myself model is because it won the genetic lottery. And I'm the benefit of a heritage and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries, we haven't only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry -- which we are biologically programmed to admire -- we have also associated on a high and clinical unite, to the family and a white skin.
And that's my heritage -- heritage I've been able to use to make money.
And I know there are people in the audience who are now showing strangers, and maybe there are some love of the fashion that you say, wait. There are Japanese, Thailand, Joan Strategies, Linken West.
First of all, happiness for knowing both of models. It's amazing.
But unfortunately, I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student from New York City told each other and each of the models in the country, and of the 177 contracted models, only 27 percent, is to say, less than four percent, they were not white.
The next question that people always do is, could it be model when it's bigger?
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't get away from that.
But then, what I really would tell you every one of these girls is, why? You can be what you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet, or a heart surgeon and a poetry and a poet, which would be amazing because it would be the first one.
If after this spectacular list, still inspired -- no, no, Carrence, I want to be model, then I say, "I know my grandmother.
Because I'm not in charge of anything, and you could be the record chief of the U.S. magazine or the executive director of Hom, or the next Steven Metalway.
To say that the greater you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you're larger.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a job you can choose to.
I'm going to demonstrate everything I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike heart surgery, it can be summarized right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Unfortunately, once you've done your studies, and you have a curiosity and a few jobs to your staircase, no longer matter what you say -- I mean, if you said you want to be president of the United States, but your curator said, money of clothes for 10 years, people look weird.
The next question that people always do is if all the photos are reduced.
And yes, it is practically reducing all the pictures, but that's just a small part of what happens.
This was the first picture that they took me, and also the first time I used a biologist, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're entering the personal ground, but it was a girl.
This is how I hit my grandmother a few months earlier.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am in a painting party a few days before the photos for the French County.
So here I am with my football team and the Mandela magazine.
And this is me right now.
And I hope you realize I'm not me in those pictures.
They're creatures of a group of professionals, papers, machinery, photographers and students, and all their help and prostitution and prototypes, and they managed to create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always do is, do you get free things.
I have too much about 20 inches and I never use -- except the first part before, but the privilege that I get is the ones that get in real life, and that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and once I went to a shop and I forgot to take money, and you gave me free.
When I was a teenager, I traveled with my friend who was an argument that was a completely completely driver, and of course, a red sense, and of course, we were going to stop, and I was sorry to be able to keep driving it.
I enjoy these privilege for me, not for what I am. And there are people who are paying a price for their love without matter who they are.
I lived in New York, and last year, of the 140 teenagers who were stopped and recording -- 86 percent of them were black and laughter, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 177, young black and Latin people in New York City, so for them, it's not a question of me standing ...
But how many times do you stop me? And when.
When I was researching for this talk, I learned that at 53 percent of the girls of 13 years in the United States don't like their body, and that number goes up to 78 percent at 17.
So the last question that people do is, how is life of a model?
And I think the answer you expect is: If you're a little bit more thin, and you have the brightest hair -- you feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give a response that maybe it looks like.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible to work with creative and ingenious and passionate people.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras -- what I have never said in front of them, is: I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about myself every day.
And if you ever ask yourself, with a few more thin legs and the brightest hair, it will be happier.
They only have to gather with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs, the most brilliant and the most brilliant clothes, but they probably be the most physically inspiring women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of racial and gender oppression when I'm one of the greatest benefits.
If there's something that comes out of this talk, I hope you all feel more comfortable when you recognize the power of the image in the perception that we have the success and the failure.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my passion since I was the biggest enough to hold a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 more precise, and I didn't know who I pulled them.
There were no artistic directors, no students, no opportunity to repeat the pictures, not even a minimum care in lighting.
In fact, most of them took them into the random.
My story starts when I found in New York City to give a poem, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter on the day of his first birthday. That's the corner of 57 and five percent.
I gave the chance that we went back to New York just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When the third birthday birthday of my daughter, my wife told me, why don't you take Saturn to New York in a panel journey, and you get the right?
This is when we started asking the tourists that they were going to take us the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of bringing the camera to a complete stranger is so universal.
No one has been denied and, fortunately, no one has ever done with the camera.
By the time, we were not aware of how much life this journey would change us.
It became something sacred to us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day so that a five-year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than representation of a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop time in a week of October and to make them reflect on our time and our evolution over the years, not just physical level, but in all the senses.
Because although we always take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter gets new houses, and I can see life through their eyes and how he perceived and interact with everything.
The concrete time we spend together is something we hope with illusion all year.
Recently, in one of the trips -- we were walking around, when suddenly it stopped in dry and pointed a red group of the tube store that was leaving small in previous visit.
And I described what had felt at five years of foot in that same place.
I started that I remembered your heart beating with force by seeing that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what you look at in New York are universities, because it's decided to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we create is memories.
So I want to share the idea of engaging active in the conscious creation of memories.
I don't know you, but besides these 15 pictures, I don't go out in many of the family pictures.
I'm always the one who took the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to appear in the picture, and you don't have to go into somebody and ask yourself, and take a picture of it?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The sharks are in the most threatened birds.
First of all, why do they have so bad press."
It has also been associated with Pennsylvania laughter as a mechanical characters, dumb characters, stupid.
More recently, if you've been following the Kenyan press, risk and alliances are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan Parliament. But I don't accept it.
I don't accept it. You know why?
Because the members of Parliament don't keep clean the environment.  The penguins don't help prevent the spread of diseases.
It's a lot of a mountain --    They're far from expanding.  And my favorite, the burst guys have better presentation.   There are two types of diving on this planet.
There are the Britains of the New World who are mostly in the Americas, like climate and charges, and the Martin World drivers, where we have 16 species. From these 16, 11 faced a high risk of extinction.
So why are the drama important? First of all, provide vital ecological services, Linux.
It's our natural garbage collections.
He cleaned the boxes up to the bone.
They help kill all the bacteria. They help absorb the smell that they are not going to be expanding and causing great losses of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no bombs, the cells take three to four times longer in department, and this has huge ramifications in the disease of disease.
The burst also has huge historical importance.
They've been associated with old Egyptian culture.
New York was the symbol of the protection and the mathematician and, along with the come, simulating the unit between the tall and the Netherlands.
In the Hindu mythology -- James was the guy who was born and risked his life to save the god of 10 head Department.
In the humble culture, you do very important ones to open open sky in places like Tibet -- there's no place to bury the dead, or wood to convince them, so these drawings provide a natural disposal system.
What is the problem with the bursteanes?
We have eight species of burgament in Kenya, where six are in extreme threat threats of extinction.
The reason is that they're being setting up, and the reason that they're being set up is because there are conflicts between humans and fantasy. The peculiar communities use this poison against predators, and as a result, the burst are victims of this.
In South Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of drinks are in the critical list of extinction danger -- which means that in less than 10 or 15 years, it gets extinct -- and the reason is because they fall out of the winning consumption that has been treated with an annual drug like Dick.
This drug has been banned to use versions in India and have taken a position.
Because there is no burgament, there's been a spread in the number of catastrophic dogs in the number of cards -- and when you have street dogs -- you have a huge time bomb bomb -- the number of cases of Arab has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind parks in Africa, 300 appliances are going to be above the Turing lake.
I'm not against the wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to the birds. They cut them in half.
They're birds of birds.
In Western Africa, there is a horrible spread of dead diving to serve the brothel and the feelings market.
So what are you doing? Well, we're researching these birds. We're paying transportation.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel for different countries, so they focus on a local problem is not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments in the regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about learning the burgers, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and the services that provide them.
How can you help? It can go back assets, make noise. You can write a letter to your government and tell you, you have to focus on these very inequality creatures -- donate your time to spread the word. You'll spread the word.
When they come out of this room, they were informed on the books, but they talk to their families, with their children, with their neighbors on the books.
They're very elegant -- Charles Darwin said that he changed the opinion because he saw them flying without effort, without energy spending in the heavens.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do and everything I do professionally my life, has been beaten for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
Since 1970 to 1977, young lights, but I don't am.  I worked in Zambia. Kenya, Ivory Coast and Somalia, in the projects of technical cooperation with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO and every project we established in Africa.
And I was perfectly.
I thought, at the age of 21, that Italians were good people and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead of that, everything we take out of it.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "The Zame of the Zame, was a project where we decided to teach people from Zambia.
So we came up with Italian seeds to the south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that went down to the Zack River, and we teach the local local tomatoes and collections and so on.
Of course, people were not at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they were not accomplished.  We were astonished that local, in so fragile valley, didn't have agriculture.
However, instead of asking you how it was possible that we didn't grow anything, we just said, "Thank God that we're here --  "The time to save the people from Zambia.
And of course, everything in Africa is beautiful.
So we got these wonderful tomatoes in Italy, a guy growing up to this size. In Zambia, this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the pictures, "Look how easy agriculture is.
When the tomatoes were beautiful, magical and red -- at night to the morning, about 200 we managed to go out from the river and eat everything.  And we said to the beaten, "My God, the humans?
And the pictures said, "Yes, that's why we don't have agriculture here."  "Why didn't you say that?
I thought that only we Italians put mistakes in Africa, but then I saw what Americans did, what the English did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt quite proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the leadership.
You should see the destinations?  You should see the waste that we gave them to people in Africa.
I want to read a book, read "The Dead Death, from David Montester, who was a word everyday.
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western donors -- we've delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the damage that that money has cause.
Just read your book.
Look at a part of an African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are implications, collective microscope, and we treat people just in two ways, or we are participating or we are paralysis.
The two words come from the Latin root "surely, which means "I would mean.
But it means two different things.
Parallel, I treat any of a different culture as if you were my kids, "I want a lot."
Paralysis, I treat all of the different cultures as if you were my neighbors.
So white in Africa are called "The Harvard.
That book gave me a lake in the face, "The small is beautiful -- written by Salaman, who said by all economic development, if people don't want to be help, they were stored.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is to breathe.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the ground and said, can you imagine a city that is not neurologically.
I decided to be 27 years old only responding to people, and I invented a system called Facebook State where you never started anything, but it turns into a quarter of the local passion, the silk of the local who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what do you do? It steps.
He comes to a community with an idea, and he sits with the people of the local.
We don't work from offices.
We got together in a coffee cafe. We met in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give an idea to somebody.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what is you going to do?
The passion she has for his own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that that man has for his own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then we help them find knowledge, because nobody in the world can succeed alone.
The person with the idea may not have the knowledge, but the knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea. Why not us, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not at once, we heard them? But not in community meetings.
I'll tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
The entrepreneurs never attack, and they would never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunities have identified about.
So, planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know, because they don't attend their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one and we work face to face, you have to create a social infrastructure, which is not there.
You must create a new profession.
The profession is the family of the family family of the company, the family family doctor, the business of the business -- which is established with you in your house, at the table of your kitchen, in the coffee, and that helps you find the resources to transform your passion in a way of winning life.
I started this as a test at Homo, city from West Australia.
I was making a Ph.D. at the time, trying to get away from this control that we got to tell us what to do.
In a year, I had 27 projects in the march, and the government came to me to say, "How can you do that?
How can I do that? And I said, "I've got something very, very hard.
I came back and listened to them?  So the government says, "I have a news again?  We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped start 40,000 businesses.
There's a new generation of entrepreneurs dying of symbolic.
Peter Drug, one of the most great business attributes in history, failed to '96, a few years ago.
Peter Drug was professor of philosophy before they were involved in business, and this is what Peter Denocide says, "The planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative company economy.
planning is the kiss of the death spirit of the corporate spirit.
So now you can rebuild Carrian without knowing what the most attractive people in Christian want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn to get these people to dare to talk with you.
You have to offer consequences -- privacy, you have to be fantastic when you help it, and then you get older, you will be in mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion.
So what do you show about this morning.
Political people. That's what you've been clapping.
So, what I'm telling you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We're at the end of the first industrial revolution -- "The non-lethal fossil revolution -- manufacturing -- and one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The friend as a way to sustain machinery is not sustainable.
What we have to consider is how we nutrients, curiosity, educating us, we will communicate to seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who's going to invent technology for the green revolution -- the universities, Forest.
The government, Forainly.
They'll be the entrepreneurs and they are doing it now.
There's a strange story that I read in a future magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in the year 1960.
And in the year 1960, this group of people, and I was hoping about what happened to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was unintended, the city of New York didn't exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they analyzed the curve and they go, if the population keeps growing at this rate, to bring back to the population of New York around, they would require six million horses, and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to address.
They were already wrapped in stupid.  And so in 1945, they were divided this dirty technology that opened New York lives.
So what happens? In the next 40 years, in 1900, in America in the United States they appeared to be a hundred autistic companies, 100.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few, staircases, factories in a face places.
Deceater, Michael, Henry Ford Henry Ford Herbiest.
However, there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First of all, you need to offer you conversations.
In other ways, they won't come to convince you.
Then you have to offer an absolute order, detection, enthusiastic service.
And then finally, you will have to tell you the truth about it.
The smallest company, the biggest company, has to be able to do three things: the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic -- you have to count with a fantastic marketing and you have to tell a great financial management.
You know what?
We've known a single human being in the world that can do, sell and look for money alone.
There is no exist.
This hasn't been born.
We've been researching and looked at the 100 icons of the Carnegie world, Washington, Edison, Ford, all new companies. Google, Yanker.
There is only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common -- only one was not started by one person.
He said, "Well, but the word "such" 32 times.
He wasn't just when he started.
Nobody starts a company alone. Nobody.
So we can create the community where we have facilities, who comes from an environment of small businesses sitting in cartoons, in bars next to their shrimp declines who are going to make for you, what someone did for this gentleman who speaks to this complete, someone who would ask you to you. What do you need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Well, can you sell it? Can you look for the money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that, "I want you to look at somebody else."
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Who surrounds us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all neighbors, so we don't really exchange a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like confines, plastic and chalk.
These projects emerge from questions like how much my neighbors pay for their strangers."
How can we pay and ask to pay more things without calling the door in a bad moment?
How do you share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape.
How do we share our hopes to the empty shops so that our communities can reflect our needs and dream today.
I live in New Orleans, and I'm meeting New Orleans.
My soul always finds alcohol with giant rocks that give a shadow to lovers and back and sandwich for centuries and trust in a city.
There's a desert in New Orleans.  The city has one of the world's most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with most of the U.S. abandoned properties.
I lived near this house and I thought how I could become a more nice space for the neighborhood, and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was John, like a mother for me.
His death was refined and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this gives me a deep gratitude for time living and all the time.
I gave it clarity to the significant things of my life today.
But I refused to keep this look in my everyday life.
I think it's easy to let me go through the day and forget the really important thing for you.
So with the help of old and new friends transformed the wall of this house abandoned in a giant layer and painted on her phrases to completely completely make me die.
So the trends could take a torture, reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to wait from this experiment, but the next day the wall was coming up and kept covering it.
And I'd like to share some things that people write on the wall.
"Before of dying I want to be shocked by paralyzed,  "Before to die I want to sit in the shop of the card change.
"The die of dying I want to sing for millions of people."
"Before of dying I want to plant a tree.
"Before of dying I want to live outside the net.
"Before of dying I want to guess it once more and more."
"Before of dying I want to go to somebody's rescue.
"Before of dying I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space was touched and dreams and hope of people made me laughing to cartoon, and they were distributed to me, and they gave me a lot of comfort in hard moments.
It's about knowing that you're not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new and extremism ways -- it's about giving water to reflection and pollution and remembering what is most important for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started getting hundreds of messages from passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues of the civic center, we made a kit and now have been seen in countries around the world, like Kazakhstan, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
So together we show the power of our public spaces if you give us the opportunity to express them and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of disability, it's more important than ever, finding ways to preserve the perspective and remember that life is brief.
death is something that we often avoid talking about, or even thinking, but I understand that they prepare for death is one of those things that makes us more power.
Think about death death our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better to what matters as individuals and as community and more media to share hope, fears and stories, the people that surrounds us cannot only help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Now I have a single request.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my brothers now.
Robert is 22 years old, it's high and very slow.
I don't talk about, but transmit better than some of the best speakers.
He knows what love is.
I shared it under what happens.
It's not a antibody. It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
They don't care about religious differences and finding it in this, never mind.
When I sing songs from our childhood, I will try to propose words that I would not even be able to do -- I remember a thing, how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it must be the unknown.
Samuel is 16 years old. It's high. It's very cute.
I have the most impossible memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
I don't remember if I stole my chicken, but I remember the year that I came out every single song of my iPod, conversations that we kept when I was four years old, making my arm during the first episode of the Telescopes and the birthday of Lake Galaxy.
Don't it look amazing?
But most people don't agree.
And in fact, because your minds are not attached to the concept of society, they're often ignored and inequality.
But what I pushed my heart and strength my soul was that even if that was the case, although I didn't consider them in the order of the orchestra, that could only mean one thing, which were extraordinary, autism and extraordinary.
Now, for those less familiar familiar with the term "all," it's a complex brain disorders that affect social communication, learning and sometimes to physical skills.
In every individual is manufactured in a different way, from there that Rosel is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the development disorders that are faster to increase in the world, there is no cause or known cure.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without him.
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new being in my life.
When they spent a few months, I realized he was different.
I got a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies and, in fact, it didn't look very interested in me at all.
It remains lived and recognized in his own world, with his own rules, and he found pleasure in the smaller things, like putting cars around the room around the room, looking at the washing washing and eating anything that had between a half.
As I grew up, it became more different, and the differences became more evidence.
But beyond the breakthroughs, frustration and internal hyperactivity, there was something really unique, a pure nature and innocent nature -- a kid who looked at the world without prejudice -- a human being that had never lied.
Amazing.
I can't deny that there have been some hard moments in my family, times when I wish they were just like me.
But I look back to things that have taught me about individuals, communication and love, and I realize that they're things that didn't want to change by normal.
The narrative goes through the beauty that gives us the differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It just means there's a different view of what's right.
If I could plug one thing to Rose and Sam and you, it would be that you don't have to be normal.
You can be extraordinary.
Because autistic or not, the differences that we have? They're a gift. Every one of us has a gift inside and honestly, the pursuit of normal. It's the latest sacrifice of the potential.
The opportunity for the greatness and progress and change in the moment where we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit of what should have been Alice in the Past of the Mars.
Penn State asked me to me, a communications teacher, who gave a kind of communication to engineering students.
I was scared.  And I really stopped -- I was scared from these students with their big minds, their great books and their big words and the words.
But by developing those conversations, I felt what Alice must have felt when I fell through the rabbit hole and saw the door of a new world.
I just felt when I had those conversations with the students, and I was surprised by ideas that they had, and I wanted others to experience also this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a big communication.
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers with the end of changing the world.
Our scientists and engineers are those who are attacking our larger challenges, from energy to environment and care of health, among others, and if we don't know about it, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions.
But these big conversations can't happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that your science is sexy and your engineering is attractive.
First question to answer, and so what?
Tell me why science is relevant for us.
They don't just tell us that they study the brainstorms, but they study the broken, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat the optimism.
And when they are describing their science, they care with gender.
The hero is an obstacle for our understanding of its ideas.
Sure, you can say "such and temperature, but why not say "still and time, which is much more accessible to us?
They make them accessible is not the same thing that they do tones.
Instead, as Einstein, that everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without compromise the ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples and stories and analogies -- they're ways of entrepreneurs and excitement with their content.
And when you present your work, forget the signs of "state?
They have wondered why they call them "beautiful?  What do the bats do? The balls kill and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it supports too much in the language of our brain and addresses.
Instead, this picture of General Browne is much more effective -- I show that the special structure of the translations is so strong that it actually inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower to it.
The trick here is to use a simple phrase -- lessons, that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit, and then provide graphics that will embrace our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding what it is described.
I think these are just some key ones that can help others open the door and look at the country of the wonders that science and engineering.
And so scientists and engineers, when they have solved this equation, for all the media, they smell with simple.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words from all of the Oxford English Disney is "business."
Just because it sounds very good.
And "such "such means "completely destroyed.
Although there was a profit editor of the 19th century that defined it much better when he said, "A "Maria is that I will look for a public charge without participation, platform or principle -- and when I win, I get it through the use use of a monumental members of a recorded recorded.
I have no idea what "business means.
Something to do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know that they have to try to dominate language.
It wasn't until that, for example, 1976 that the British parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that they said in the parliamentary camera.
And all of this was thanks to the emergence of a guy with the name of Brazil Crimes, who confronted the Parkinson's Park.
I put it in the London Tower and he was incarcerated -- but he had enough courage to face them, and at the end he had such a popular support in London that won.
And just a few years later, we had the first registered use of the phrase -- "I broke like the metal."
Most people think it's literature.
It's not. It's because of a freedom of the freedom of expression.
But to really show you how words and politics interact, I want you to go back to America, just after independence.
So they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a recording country?
This is debate in Congress for a long time.
All kinds of suggestions could be arguing.
Some of you wanted to call it "The Water of State Washington, and others, "When Alex George Washington, and other "The Windows of the U.S.
Not very attractive.
Some just wanted to call it "beloved."
They thought it was quality.
And even with that was memory, they had the idea that you could be elected being elected by a certain door.
And it could have served.
Everybody is immensely married because this debate is tested for three weeks.
I read the day of a poor sand, and I always wrote, "I have this theme.
So what caused the back to do is that the Cambridge House was against the Sandy.
The Cambridge House didn't want Washington to be able to get a power.
They didn't want to call it Rome for whether he was giving him or his own ideas.
So they wanted to give the top more modern, more insulin and more legitimate title than they were going on.
And that title was "boys?
President. They didn't invent the title -- it had been before, but it just meant a conservative meeting.
It was like the president of a gun.
And I didn't have much more biological than the term "and "being "and "beloved."
There were pressure presidents of small colonial and fragile females of government, but it was really a insulin title.
And so the Senate is optimistic.
They said, "It's ridiculous, we can't call it President."
"This guy has to sign treatment and gather with foreign diagnosis."
"And who will be serious with such ridiculous and inflational title as President of America?
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't.
We can learn three interesting things of all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to find out, the Senate never recovered the President of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky to stay there, waiting for the Senate to be in action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary --  You might keep waiting for 2,000 more.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and this is what I want to leave you, is that the American title of the United States doesn't sound at all as much more modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads to disappear, the largest economy in the world and a fleet of aerial air vehicles and so on.
The reality and history have led to the bank title.
So the Sand won the Sandy.
They got their responsibility of responsibility.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the appearance of the symptom, well, it was a uniqueness over then.
But you know how many nations they have now president?
And all because you want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear heads and so on.
So at the end of the Senate winning and the Life of recognition lost, because no one is going to feel humble when you tell them that they're now the President of America.
And I think that's the great lesson we can learn, and what I'd like to leave with.
politicians are trying to choose and use words to shape and control reality, but actually, it really makes it a lot more the words than what these could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to meters under land in an illegal mine of Ghana.
The air is loaded from heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the rock of solid bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that speak but especially that call of male tons and stones with primitive tools.
Like others, I carry a little bit of light light subject to the head with this indigenous shop, and I can barely distinguish the branches that hold the walls of that hole of a meter that drops hundreds of meters on the ground.
I turned out my hand, and suddenly I remember a miners I met days before, and I lost the control and cause countless meters in that period.
While I talk to you today, these men are in the deep of that hole will take their lives without paying or reward and often dying.
I went out of that hole and I went home, but they might never do it, because they're prey of slavery.
In the last 28 years I was documenting native cultures in over 70 continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only speech in the Port Peace Poet.
Among all the incredible people I met there I met an integration of Andrew the South, a NGO that is dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew it existed in the world, but not at such a grade.
When we end up talking to me, I was very wrong, honestly I was willing to ignore this attack of our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
He made me a storyteller and weeks later, I went to Los Angeles to meet the South Side director and offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I've been in many of these sites.
Some of you even consider them my second home.
But this time, you keep the dirty transistors.
A conservative calculation says that there are currently over 27 million people in the world.
It's twice the number of Africans displaced throughout the entire treatment of transitional slaves.
150 years ago, the cost of an agricultural slave was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker.
The equivalent of about 50,000 right dollars.
However, today you can engage the entire families for generations for 10-year-old figures.
Amazingly, slavery generates profits from over 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many of them have been angry with false education promises and better work and then discover that they're forced to work without pay, under violence threat and cannot escape.
Today slavery operates in trade, goods produced by slaves have value, but people who produce them are defense.
slavery exists almost everybody and yet it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal I met the brick randomness.
This weird and formidable show was like entering old Egypt or the Danish Detector.
You know, in a temperature of 54 C, men, women, children, in fact, internal families wrapped in a heavy post-conflict heavy police, assistant mechanical applications in their heads, up to 18 at the time, and they take them from the open lanes to trucks that are hundreds of meters.
They woke up the memorial and the church working in silence, doing this task over and over again for 16 or 17 hours a day.
There was no pause to eat, not to drink, and the severe deployment made it to be pretty unexpected.
So perception was the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot to the touch, and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes, I had to run the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to reveal it, and I sat there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the randomnicions I wanted to cry, but the antibiotics that I was on my side quickly grabbed me and said, "Hey, don't do it. Don't do it here."
And I really explained that to demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me, but for them.
I couldn't offer any direct aid.
I couldn't give them money, nothing.
I wasn't a citizen of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation than they were gone.
I had to trust Andrew the Solar and work within the system for his liberation and trust that they got it.
In terms of me, I waited to get home to feel my heart beer.
In the Himalayas -- I found kids carrying rocks for miles by miles to trucks that were waiting down.
Those big plans were more heavy than the kids who were running them and the kids were holding them to their heads with hot races made from papers, ropes and hands.
It's hard to present something so helpful.
How can we influence something so influence, but so unexpected.
Some people don't even know that they're slaves -- they work 16 hours a day without paying it, because this has been like this whole life.
They have nothing with what they compare to.
When these villages, they recovered their freedom, the schools burn their houses.
When we hear the strength of slavery often we think of sexual traffic and because of this global consciousness that I would think it would be difficult to me to work with security in this particular business.
In Kaletric to me women who had been previously sexual slaves.
I was commissioned by a few anti-second students that were given to this dirty basement.
It wasn't exactly a block.
It was rather a restaurant.
Well, the subject of the office, as you know in the office, are local for forced prostitution.
They have small rooms -- private rooms, where the slaves are self-religious with their girls and children, some of that just seven years, are forced to train clients and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Each dot is dark and dirty, identified by a painted number on the wall and divided by a body and a curtain.
The workers often suffer sexual abuse to their clients.
From foot in the peak, I remember feeling a fear fear and in that instant, I could barely imagine what should be trapped in that hell.
I only had a salary, the stairs.
There were no landscape left.
There were no big enough windows like to train.
Those people don't have scales, and because we have a very difficult topic, it's important to point out that slavery -- even sexual traffic happens around us.
There are hundreds of people slavery in agriculture, in restaurants in the domestic service, and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children will sell each year as sexual slaves.
It happens around, but we don't see it.
The textiles are another activity that often related to local labor.
I visited Indian villages in which there were internal environments in the silk trade.
This is a portrait of family.
The black hands of black are the father, the blue and the red, from their children.
They mix therapy in these big barrels and dip the silk on the liquid to the colors, but the ink is toxic.
My introduction told me his stories.
"We have no freedom, they said.
"We hope, however, can come out of this house someday and go somewhere else where our job really pays us.
There are more than 4,000 children in the Valley Lake the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a family family in a boat, two older brothers, some younger kids, makes sense right?
Wrong. They were all scales.
The kids are separated from their family families, disappearing and forced to work in these boats in the lake, despite not knowing swimming.
This kid is eight years old.
When our boat came up to be temple, it feared that his little canoe was embarrassed.
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling into water.
The branches of the trees plunged in the Valley laughter often attract networks and children and failure and fear, and they ran into the water to fix the branches.
Many are stored.
Since I remember, it's always been forced to work on the lake.
For fear of his love is not going to come up, and like all life has been treated with creature, it is growing the younger slaves under their own.
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning, when they got up the last networks, but they had been working from the one one.
And in the cold night and a seller.
And it manages to point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're filled by fish.
I want to introduce you to Katrina.
Kofi was rescued in a fishing village.
I met it in a shelter where I have Andrew the South Research to victims of slavery.
Karanne supports the possible.
Who will be because someone decided to make a difference in their life?
They drove down a road in Ghana with Soviet Soli partners -- the United States -- a fellow antibodies with his mom and they suddenly accelerate our car, and he took the window.
It asked us to keep it on a road path to the forest.
At the end of the road, it encourages us to come out of the car, and I asked the driver to go quickly.
Then he pointed out this feeling barely visible, and he said, "This is the way, this is the way.
As we started to go down, we removed the links that blocked the road, and after walking about an hour we found that the path was announced by the recent rain, so I put the picture of pictures on my head as we were sitting in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walk, the only path ended up overwhelmed in a clear, and we had in front of a mass of holes that could fit in a football field, and they were all filled with slave workers.
A lot of women had tied kids to their backs, and as they looked for gold, they walked in the waters with methane.
Medicine is used in the extension process.
These mining men are slaves in a little bit of Ghana.
When they came out of the pole they were embedded in their own sweat.
I remember looking at your eyes, and I remember that many had been under the ground for 72 hours.
wells have up to 90 feet, and these people are carrying stream heavy bags that then will be transported to another area where they kill the stone so they can extract the gold.
And to the first view, the site seems to be filled with strong and vegetable men, but if we look closer from the sea, we see the way we are working on the less fortunate and also children.
They're all victims of injuries, disease and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this man ended up like this victim of tuberculosis and marriage in a few years.
This is Mary. When his father died, his uncle took him to work with him in the mines.
When he died his uncle, Mandela inherit the debt of the uncle that force him to be slave in the mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the age of 14 years and the injury of the leg you see here is a product of an accident in the mine, so severe that doctors said that it should be anticipating.
In addition to that, Mandela has tuberculosis, and I don't hear that, it's forced to work night and day in that mine.
Yet, he dream with being released and educated with the help of local activists like Abraham The South Andy, and it's this kind of detection, from face to a remote possibility, which inspired me so much respect.
I want to throw light on the slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you around the world.
I wanted you to know that we would give witness of them and do everything possible to help change their lives.
I just think that if we can see each other as human beings, then it becomes very difficult to tolerate attacks like slavery.
These images are not members. They're from people, real people, like you and I, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There is no day that I don't think about these many beautiful people, shame, that I've had the great honor to know.
I hope that these images wake up a force in which you see them, in people like you, and I hope that force turned out a fire, and that fire takes light on the slavery because, without that light, the beasts of slavery can continue to live in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do an app math and there's a peculiar problem for whom it does, we are like management contacts.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So today, I'm trying to explain to you today what I do.
The dance is one of the most human activities.
We are depressed by the virtues of the whale and the chart dancers -- that we will see later.
But the ballet demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of destruction, and probably some initial advantage that can well have a genetic component.
Unfortunately, neurological disorders as the evil of Parkinson's destroy gradually destroy this extraordinary ability, as I did with my friend Jane Stanford who, in his time, was a very dancing viruses.
In the last few years, it has been a lot of progress in the treatment.
However, there are six million people in the world that are sick, and they have to deal with an incurable demand, temperate tools, rulers and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in an objective way, and in definition, the only way that we know if there is really a cure to be when we have a objective and ceremony metric.
But it's frustrated that for Parkinson's and other disorders of movement there are no biological maps, so they don't serve the blood analysis and the best we have is a 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means that outside the clinical trials, they never do it. It's never done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a difficult journey to clinic. What if patients could do the exam themselves.
It didn't need personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic.
So what I want to propose to you as not conventional way to try to try, you see, in some sense at least, we are all variations like my friend Jason Steven.
This is a video of the vibrating strings video.
It shows someone healthy while he emits sounds when they speak. We can imagine it as dancers of a vocal whale because we have to coordinate all of those vocal organs to produce sounds and we all have the genes needed. The Fairy, for example.
And, like the ball, it requires an extraordinary level of training.
We think of time that leads to a child learning to talk.
From sound, we can track the position of vocal strings as they vibrate them, and as the Parkinson's affects the stressfuls, it also affects the vocal organs.
You can see in the bottom plot you can see an example of the crime floor of vocal strings.
We see the same symptoms.
They shake vocal and weakness and radio.
The speech becomes more quiet and supportive after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do they compare these tests based on the voice with the specialized clinical trials -- well, they're both not invitation.
The neurological test is not independent. Both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do it.
Both of them are precision. Well, but also the experts based on voice are not specialization.
I mean, you can be a super-place.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds as a lot.
These are minimal cost, and we all know what happens.
When something takes a cost so low, it appears to mass scale.
These are some incredible goals.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
It wouldn't be able to go to the clinic for the routine shop.
With high motivation we could often get objective data.
We could do low low-cost mass resources for clinical trials, and for the first time, it was factorized by a general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomass of disease before it's too late.
So by giving you today the first steps in that sense, we're launching the Royal Port of Parkinson's Indian.
Together to Adam and Palestine, we want to register lots of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to address these goals.
We have accessible local lines for about 750 million people in the world.
anyone, with or without Parkinson's, can call under a price and let me go through a few cents. And I'm pleased to announce that we've already reached 60 percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Rielly: So Mexico, taking all these samples of -- let's say 10,000 people, you can say who is healthy and who doesn't?
What would you get from these shows?
Max Little -- yeah, yeah. What happens is that during the call you have to indicate whether you have or not the disease. Thank you.
MT: You see, some people can not happen, you may not end it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of recording data in different circumstances, and to do it in different circumstances is important because we're looking at the conflict factors in search from the actual markers of disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy at this point?
MT: Much more than that.
Actually, my student Thomas, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and now has shown that it works in the mobile phone network also, which is what the project. Now we have 99 percent accuracy.
TR: Nobody and nine. Well, it's a improvement.
MM: Of course.
TR: Thank you very much. Max Little literature, public.
MM: Thank you. Take.
Before March 2011, I was doing photographic accounts in New York City.
We're broken creatures, gray.
We hid in the dark, in strings without windows and usually we avoid sunlight.
We do the more thin models that are still more distributed, the perfect skin even more perfect to do the impossible, possible and create us in press all the time, but some of us are really artists with a lot of years of experience and a real taste for images and photography.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happened in Japan.
A little time later, an organization where it was voluntary -- there Hans Valley, was in the place working as part of the answer team.
I, along with hundreds of other volunteers we knew that we couldn't be sitting at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
The 13 percent of May, I traveled to Forest.
It's a little village of fishermen located in the president of Christian -- almost 50,000 people, one of the first villages affected by the wave.
The lower water level takes over 24 feet high, and more than three miles inside.
As you can imagine, the village was devastating.
We take a rubble of the channels and the saves and the sands.
We cleaned schools. We removed the logo and we leave the houses ready to be recording and reproductive.
We removed tons and tons of dead fish -- applied, put from local factory.
We inflate and loved us.
For weeks, both the volunteers like the neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and pictures of pictures and cameras and cars and stores.
They all did the same thing.
So you can take it up and take them to different places of the peoples around to play them.
It wasn't until I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that those people had suffered in.
As you walk from the wave, and to save your lives, they had to abandon absolutely everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started to help in a village assessment center.
It helped clean the toilets to communicate the big, giant bangs.
This place turns out to be also the place of the village where the control center picks up the photos.
And there I got them there, and I had the honor that that day would trust me to clean up the photos.
This was exciting and inspired -- I had heard the expression beyond the horizon, but it wasn't until I was transparent myself in my horizons that something happened.
When you look at the pictures, I found some that had more than a hundred years old -- some still were in the lab of the lab, I couldn't avoid thinking about how to fix that mouse and repair that stream and met hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night came into Facebook contact with some of them, and the next morning, the answer was so overwhelming and positive that I knew we had to try.
So we started to rediscover pictures.
This was the first of all.
I was not too strange, but where the water had declared the face of the girl had to fix with a lot of precision and search.
Otherwise, that little girl would not have the aspect of it, and that would be as tragic as having the strategic photo.
Over the time of time, they came up with more photos, and they needed more refugees so that he came back in Facebook and Linux and five days later later, 80 countries of 12 countries volunteered to help.
In the course of two weeks, I had 150 people who were willing to join it.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Reservability, a neighbor village to Northern Palesti.
Once a week we used our scanner in the temporary photographic libraries that had been installed -- where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time that they were going to be done in this is a different story, it depends on course of the defense of the photos.
I could print an hour. I could imagine weeks.
I could imagine months.
This guy had to draw virtually by hand using the areas whose color and detail the water had not destroyed.
I took a long time.
The water destroyed all these pictures plunged in saltwater water, covered by bacteria, with algae -- even with oil, all of them together with the time of time continues to destroy it, because it was an important part of the project.
We couldn't shrink the picture unless they were clean, dry and had been recognized by his owner and so.
We were lucky.
We count with the guidance of a advanced neighbors.
It's very easy to hurt the pictures already day.
As I said, once "Hey, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures was lucky in relation to the photos.
I had started to wipe it out, but it stopped to realize that it was even more.
I also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not have been able to rebuild them, we could link the images in one photo and regulate the whole picture.
When I picked up your pictures share some of your story with us.
A few colleagues in their husband found the pictures in a fire station between the rubble very far from where their house used to be, but their colleagues recognize it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the ship of closing the barriers on the wave.
He had to go inside the water while the signs were born.
Her little kids -- not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different schools.
One of them was trapped in the water.
I took a week to find all his family and know that everybody had survived.
The day he handed his pictures his youngest son was 14 years old.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do -- something that he could go back to look, something that he could remember from the past that would not have been killed by that morning day when everything in his life changed or was destroyed.
After six months in Japan, 1,100 volunteers had joined there, hundreds of them were helped us to clean up more than 140,000 pictures -- the vast majority -- -- the vast majority of most of them came back to their owners -- important.
Over 500 volunteers all over the world helped us go down to 90 families that were completely replaced and reduced.
During this time, we really don't spend more than a thousand dollars in teams and materials, most of them in ink for printer.
We take pictures constantly.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, somebody dear with it.
They are submersible of our memories and stories, the last thing that we will get to look for.
About this tried the project -- to restore small pieces of humanity, to bring someone their connection to the past.
When a picture like this is distributed to somebody, it is a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a huge difference in the life of the refugees.
Some of them will connect you with something larger with something bigger to remove something, using their talent for something that are not being thin models of perfect skin.
To finish I'd like to read this email email -- I sent it the day I came back from Japan after six months.
As a result, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories shown in pictures.
One in particular, a picture with women of different ages from the grandmother to the small girl, gathered around a baby, touched me, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, I and my daughter was born, hangs from our wall.
In the entire world, in all the few our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.
Don Edualt inspired us and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that would go through a apple in an exhibition of only a millionth of a second.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion miles per second.
I present a new kind of photograph, the secret, a new technique so fast that it can create videos in slow motion.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the pollens, beyond the glass line, or see the inside of the body without using X-rays, and actually defy the idea of camera.
If I take a laser foot and turn it up and fit in a library of a second or whatever, in several failures create a picture of photographs of just a million wide.
And that package of photons, that bullet will travel at the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common balloon.
So if we take that ball and this package of photons and we fight in this bottle, how do those pictures dispersed inside this bottle."
What's the aspect of light in little cardiacker."
Now, all of this --   remember that all of this is actually happening in less than a nano-state is what it takes to travel light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see light in motion.
College doesn't take this research.  They spend a lot of things in this movie, taking this information to show what's going on.
The pulse -- our bullet comes into the bottle, with a package of photographs that starts to walk through and that, inside, starts to disappear.
Part of the light is followed, goes to the table, and we started seeing these limitations.
Many of the photons eventually come to the lid and then explode in several directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that bounces inside the inside.
In that time, the waves travel through the table and because of the thoughts at the top of the bottle, it looks at the bottom of the bottle, after several chips, that the thoughts are connected.
Now, if we take a common and current battle and make it go through the same distance and see it in slow camera to about 10 billion times, how much think that would lead us to see that film?
One day? A week? Actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring film --  from a slow ball in motion.
And how about testing naturally death?
You can see the waves that go out of the table, the tomato and the wall of the background.
It's like throwing a stone in a pond.
It's the way nature paints a picture, I think, from a self-interest at the time, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at this toy, you realize that, as light goes off the tomato -- it keeps brilliant. It doesn't darkness.
Why? Because the tomato is moving and the light light inside its inner and it turns out after several hundred million seconds.
In the future, when this failure is in their phones, they're going to be able to go to the supermarket and verify whether the fruit is killed without having to touch it.
Why do we create this camera at MIT.
As a photographer, you know, if we take a picture to low exposure, it enters very little light.
But we were going to be a billion times faster than the shortest exposure -- so I just enter some light.
We sent that battery, that photographer of photons, millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very unusual synchrony, we took these data and entrepreneurs to create those features that I showed you.
We can take all of those data into crude and process it in an interesting way.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
And if a new power of a sustainable future will allow you to see after the robots?
The idea is that we could take some light on the door, and the robot, enter the room, a part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light bottles.
It's not science fiction. We've built it.
On the left, it's our franchise.
Behind the wall there is a wood and we collect light on the door.
After the publication of our article in National Collider.
And a small fraction of the photons comes back to the camera, but interestingly, in slightly different moments.
And as we have a camera that works like that fast, our fairness, the unique capacity.
It has very good temporary resolution and can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door and also to the hidden objects, but we don't know what points to the distance.
By projecting a laser, you can record a picture of a border, which you see on the screen, it doesn't really make any sense.
But we take a lot of images like this, dozens of images, we put them together and we try to analyze the multiple light, and with that, we can see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D.
This is our reconstruction recognition.
We have things to explore before we pull this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid colleagues with what's around the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at light reflected by open window.
Or we could build applications able to see the inside of the body submitting appropriate, and the same thing for cybers.
But of course, because of tissue and blood, this is quite hard, so this is actually a request to scientists to start thinking about profession as a new model of visualization to solve the problems of health in the next generation.
Just as Danny Eduard, he was a scientist, became art in art, an art of university photographs.
I realized that all of the girls of data that we collect is not just for scientific visualization, but we can can.
It creates a new form of computing photography with slow camera and color code.
And we look at those waves -- remember, time between each one of those waves is just a few million seconds.
But here is a funny thing.
If you look at the waves underneath the layer -- these are beating from us.
The waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we're recording almost to the speed of light, we have weird effects. Einstein would have loved to see this image.
The order that events occur in the world sometimes starts investing in the camera.
They apply the corresponding disease of space and time, we can correct this distribution.
It's time. Thank you.
Hi. This is my mobile phone.
A mobile cell can change life, and you give you individual freedom.
With a cell cell can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a cell phone, you can take a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a cell phone, you can record a song, support Sandor and make it famous.
This is all possible with a cell phone.
I'm a kind of 1984 and I live in the city of Berlin.
Let's go back to that moment, this city.
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people are involved in search of a change.
This is the fall of 1989. Imagine if all these people who have been involved in search for a change, had a cell phone in the pocket.
Who of the present are a cell here?
Let's leave it.
Raise your mobile phones. Leavers it.
Let's read Leaderships an August, a Blackberry, works.
It's a lot. Almost everyone today has a cell phone.
But today I talk about me, from my phone, and how life changed me.
talk about this.
These are 35,000 lines of information.
Germany data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006 the E.U. Commission presented a conversation.
The Department of Deter Description.
This thing says that every company company European company -- every single Internet vendor in the entire Europe, has to store a range of information from users.
Who calls who, who sends an email to who.
Who sends him a text to who I do.
And if we use the phone, where we are.
All of this information is stored for at least six months, and to two years, in its phone company or its Internet provider.
And all over Europe, people stood up and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this collection of data.
We want the subtle subtle in the digital age, and we don't want telephone phones and the Internet providers store all this information about us.
There were lawyers, perfection, priests -- everybody said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about 10,000 people who came out to the streets in Berlin and said, "They are not fear?
And some even said this would be the Star 2000.
This was the secret police of Germany.
And I also wondered if this really works.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time you use the phone?
So I asked my phone, Democrats Hello, who at that time was the largest telephone company in Germany, and please send me all the information that I had about me.
I asked them once, and I got them to ask them to ask them, and I didn't get a concrete answer. It was all blah, blah, blah.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you are practicing my life.
So I decided to start a judicial demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Democrat Telescope said, no, we don't give you this information.
At the end we signed a agreement.
And I was reproduced by demand and they sent me the information I asked me.
Meanwhile, the German Conservation Court failed the self-assembly for the German law of the E.U.
So I got this ugly frame with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
Thirty and five thousand people are carrying information lines.
I first saw them, and I said, well, it's a huge file. Okay.
But after a while, I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little bit skeptical. What should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I step on the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to go out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what the data resource means.
So, next to Zero Anno and Obama Darwin City, we did this.
This is a six-year-old visualization of my life.
You can zoom up and go back, go back and forward.
You can see every step that I do.
And you can see how I go from Frank in train to colony and what frequency I call in the journey.
This is all possible with this information.
That gives a little scary.
But it's not just about me.
But all of us.
First of all, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me a couple of times.
Then you call me some friends and you call it between them.
And then one call the other, and the other one to the other, and we ended up with this big network of communication.
You can see how your people communicate each other to what time they call each other, where time they sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who speaks to who, who send you an email to who, is all possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and until two years.
As I said at first, imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, they had a mobile phone in the pocket.
And the States had known who involved in this protest, and if the States had known who they were leaders -- this never happened.
The fall of the Berlin Wall may never have happened.
And in terms of the Earth of the iron.
Because today the state agencies and companies want to store so much information from us as possible within the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives, and they want to store them forever.
But supermarket and living in the digital age is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight by substance.
You have to fight that every day.
When you go home to tell your friends that privacy is a 21st-century value and it's not going to be moving.
When they go home, they tell their performance that just because companies and state agencies can store some information, they don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information will store from you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile phones to remember that you have to fight the super-planet in the digital age.
Thank you.
Hello, Twitter, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello, Twitter, what happens?
I call me Mastak Zackson and I'm not wrong, but I know the doctor that brought me into the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, applied to the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have brain palsy, which is why I did all the time.
Look at you.
It's appealing. I'm like a Malayan mix.
Muhammad Asia.
The P, it's not genetics.
It's not concern and you can't hire it.
No one made the fear of my mother and I didn't hire it because my parents were brothers, although they are.
Just by accidents, like what happened to the birth.
Now, I warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration -- and I don't want any of the present.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, they've wanted to be disabled.
Let's go from a walk.
Christmas Vietnamese are in the mall center, driving in circles in seeking parking and what do you see?
16 empty places for disabilities.
And you think, "God, can I be at least a little discovery?
In addition, I say, I have 99 problems, and the P, it's just one of them.
There was a narrative of the oppression -- I would win the gold medal.
I'm palmals, Muslims and women, disability and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should do it.
I'm from Park Clinton, in New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same principles.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
A lot of people with brain palsy, they don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the "I can't can can."
The mantra of my father was, "You can do it, dance taste.
If my three major sisters let me, I clean up.
If my three older sisters were going to public school, my parents would go to the school system, and they would make sure that I also went, and if we didn't know all of the most notes, we all got the sneakers of my mother.
My father taught me to walk at five years to put my wings in his feet and just walk.
Another technique that I used was to hang a dollar in front of me so that it was presented.
The street that I carried in was very strong and so on.
Yeah. The first day in the childhood garden walk like a chicken camp that has received a lot of blocks.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city and were all of the family.
There are now 20 Arabs now, and they keep being all of the family.  I think nobody realized that we weren't instant.
This was before 9/11, and that politicians thought appropriate to use "The Muslims.
The people I grew up with no problems with my faith.
However, it seemed to be a lot of concern that died of hunger during the break.
I told you that I had enough fat to live three whole months without eating, so I would help the dawn of the application to the approach is very easy.
Baby last in Brian.
Yes, in Broadway, it's crazy.  My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so they sent me to dance school.
I learned to dance with tasks -- or I can walk with the short.
I am from New Jersey, and there we want to be a girl, so if my friends were used to me, I too.
And when my friends were going to pass the summer vacation on the coast of Jersey, I was not going to go.
I spent my summers in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we didn't go back to Palestine every summer, we would become Mary.
In the summer vacation often my father was trying to save me, so I drank barrier milk -- I got hot spaces on the back, I immersed in the Dead Sea, and I remember that the water burned my eyes and thought, "Wow, work."
But the miracle cure was poet.
I have to say it's very boring, but before I make yoga it was a serious series, I couldn't stand up.
And now I can stay in your head.
My parents reported this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be at the General Hospital Telescope.
I went to college through positive discrimination and I got a scholarship for the United States, University of the state of Arizona.
It was like the manual book department.
Everybody loved me.
I made all the tasks of the least smart, I took the maximum note in my class, and also in your classes.
Every time I made a scene of the crowd of crystal my teachers crying.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the Union decided to make a work called Gallows very slow in Japanese.
It's a piece of a girl with brain paradigms.
I was a girl with brain paradigms.
So I started screaming at four winds, "I end up having a paper."
I have brain paradigms.
At the end. At the end of free.
Thanks to God confines, I am a book?
I didn't get the paper.  You gave it to Saturn Brazil.
I went into the director of the theater department, crying historically, as if somebody had killed my cat, asking why and she told me that because they believed that I couldn't do the risk scenes.
And I said, "I can't do the risk stunts -- you can't get the character.
It was a paper that I literally had been born and gave it to an acronym without brain paralysis.
university was mimicking my life.
Hollywood has a waste story of advanced actors for disabled paper.
At the way, I went home, and my first attack was kind of like extra in a telephone.
My dream became true.
And I knew it would be looking like "beloved friends" in a sandwich.
Instead, I was there as a barber, I didn't look at me more than the noise, and it was obvious for me that the director directors don't hire governments -- not white, not white, distribution.
Just hire perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up watching Watson Galaxy, Fort Bang, Electron, and all these women had one thing in common: they were common.
That's why I became human.
In my first tour, I took famous comics from New York to New Jersey, and I would never forget the face of the first comics that I took when I fell up in the account that I was going to high speed by the New Jersey freeway, with a driver that had brain paradigms.
I worked in clubs all over the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, without censorship and without veil.
Some people say I'm the first monopoly of the Arab world.
I never like to rebuild the first place, but I know that you never heard that little disgusting rumor that says women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother from another mother and father, Dean Organization, and I launched the Collider of the New York, now in his 10, years in his year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the banks in the media. And at the same time remind the sports directors that South Africa and Arabic are not satisfaction.
To integrate the Arabs was much easier than fighting against the challenge of the disability of disability.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I went in like invited to the news news program with Keith Editors.
I walked as if I went to a graduate dance dance to a study and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and I said, "Careful, you can give me another card?
She looked at me and said, "Well, four, three, two.
And we were live.
So I was clinging to the desk of the presentation to not come out of the screen during the seal, and when I finished the interview, I was pleasure.
At the end I had my opportunity and description. I knew they didn't get into it.
But not only Mr. Olympic came back to invite you, but I was like full-time participants and put my chair.
Something fun that I learned in direct with Keith Orange was that people on the Internet are scanner.
You say kids are critical, but they never get rid of me or a little bit of a child.
Suddenly, my disability on the Internet became a blue object.
I see online clips with comments like, "Why do I do?"
"Are you there?
And my favorite, "I have terror bone.
What diseases do you have?
We really should be brought by it.
A comment suggested even that I added my disability to my heart, whoo guaranteed, common, paralysis.
Distribution is as visual as race.
If someone in wheelchair can't make Berlin, then Berlin can't make someone in the wheelchair.
The disabilities are the -- yeah, shell, man. Come on.
And distributions are the largest minority in the world, and the most super-filled in the entertainment world.
The doctors said I didn't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, I grew up with the media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that made less hate on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all the society to teach our children.
My traveler trip has led me to very spectacular places.
I got to charge the red carpet by the director of the Taliban Salaman Church and the Carter Langley Carrogo.
I came up in a film with Adam Salman and working with my pain, the incredible Dave Matt.
And the world is looking at the world by looking at "The Arab Saturday.
I was delivered in representative of the great state of New Jersey in 2008.
And I founded "The Children of Mandela, a charity organization to give kids refugee paralysis a little bit of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me acting alive, and he dedicated this talk to his memory.
(Audience in peace, dad.
I call me Mastak Zack, and if I can, you can too.
I'd like to tell you a story about a kid of a small village.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
I live in a small village to South South.
This town is near Monica.
The spider drives the small village to poverty and the edge of the intuition.
Nothing for him there, it goes to the big city, in this case, Monterey, the capital of Somalia.
When you get there, there's no opportunities there, there's no work, no future perspective.
He ended up living in a tent in the city to the outskirts of Monochur.
After maybe a precision year, nothing.
One day he was about a gentleman who offered him to lunch him, after dinner, to delete it.
I know a group of people who give him a desert.
I got a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home, to your family.
They presented a young girl.
He finally home.
It starts a new life.
It has an objective of life.
A beautiful day in Monoch, under a blue sky, a clothes bombard.
That child from that little town with dreams of the great care was the suicide terrorist, and that dynamic group of people were to the Shanghai, a terrorist organization connected with the Queen.
So how about the story of a kid in a small village trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end with him and she was delivered.
He was waiting for him.
I was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start your future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing I came in.
This was the first thing that I pulled it out of what we call "The Portland Persian."
And their story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
This is the story of the magnetics, young urban urban youth that triggers riots in Jordan, which is going to look for something beyond the sperm "show the sperm of waiting for the waiting of waiting for the waiting of waiting for the waiting of waiting to the waiting of waiting to the waiting of waiting to the waiting of waiting to the waiting of waiting to the waiting of
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity of the opportunity, of work, of well-being, but the young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffers from the highest performance rates.
By 2030, three of every five people living in cities will be under 18 years.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities -- the story of the word of waiting to access to the power to the politics, to be the story of the 2,000 cities.
And in my hometown, Monoch, 70 percent of young people are unemployed.
70 percent don't work, it's not going to school.
They don't do anything.
I went back to molecule last month, and I went to visit the Marine hospital, the hospital where I was born.
I remember being in front of this highly banking hospital to think, and if I would never have been going to be gone?
And if I had seen me forced to be in that same "strangely way?
Would I have become terrorists?
I'm not really sure of the answer.
The reason I was in Monica that month was actually to store a few juvenile leaders in a corporate flu.
I met about 90 juvenile leaders.
We sat down, and we had a rain of ideas about solutions to the big challenges that the city faces.
One of the young people in the room was Al.
He went to the University of Monochurian, he graduated it.
There was no work, no opportunity.
I remember when he told me, because it was a graduate university -- unfortunately, frustrated, was the perfect white for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited to be recruited to it.
They looked for people like it.
But this story takes a different path.
In Monochurian, the biggest obstacle to get from point to B is the streets.
Vermits years of civil war have completely destroyed, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize it.
And I saw an opportunity and the logic of it.
He started a material company.
It started reducing motor residents that normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 motors, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of engines over the next three years.
Why is this story?
What makes this story different?
I think their ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the business spirit, and I think business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the sperm "stop."
We favor young people to be the creators of economic opportunities that are looking so desperately at all.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Mohamed Maryland, a floating.
I was helping to train some of the young people in the summit of business initiatives and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of business initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Monoch has seen in over 22 years, and until recently, until Mohamed came in, if you wanted flowers to your wedding -- you were going to be put out of plastic from the outside.
If you ask someone, "When was the last time you saw freezerime flowers ...
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be "Oh.
So, Mohamed saw an opportunity.
And it started a company of civilizations and floral design.
I created a farm in the outskirts of Monica, and I started to grow the church and letters, which said, could survive the hard climate of Monochur.
And it started the flow of flowers for backs, creating gardens in the homes, and the city companies -- and now it's working on creating the first public park of molecule in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Monochuria.
It wants to create a space where families can go together, and as he says, smell the prices proposing them.
By the way, he doesn't grow rocks because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, the presence of Mohamed had a really profound impact on young people.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for a NGOs, working for the government, but his story, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
I forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs that could be an artist of change.
By the end of the day, they already had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges that the city faces.
They have business solutions for local problems.
So, inspired young people and creating a culture of business spirit is really a big step, but the young people need capital to make their ideas happen.
They need expertise and orientation to guide them in development and put into their business.
They connect young people with resources that they need, they will benefit the support they need to move from access to creation, and create qualified for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is something more than starting a business.
It's creating a social impact.
Mohamed is not just selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
His Peace Park, this is how he calls it, when he's created, transformed the way people see their city.
He hired the street kids to help rent and keep the engines for him.
I gave them the opportunity to escape from the pathologist of the waiting of wait.
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is, they turn young people in entrepreneurs and they increase and feed their inherent innovation, and they have more stories about flowers and Parks from the peace that curiosity and "Startup of wait.
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to camping with my dad in the Arabic mountains, an area attached to northern New York state.
It was a beautiful day.
The forest forest.
The sun made the leaves to glow as a vehicle, and not to be on the path that we knew, we could almost pretend that we were the first human beings on the ground.
We got to our camp.
It was a corner in a restaurant with a beautiful crazy lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the corner there was a card, from about four square feet with apple hearts and aluminum heaters, and old capture.
And I was analyzed, I was very angry, incredibly confused and incredibly confused.
The fields that were too lazy to take what they had done, who thought he was going to clean their barrier.
That question followed me, and it was just a little bit.
Who clean our barrier.
No matter how they organize or where to put the "show who clean our trash in Stations."
Who clean our trash in Rio or in Paris, or in London."
Here in New York, the Department of healthcare clean our trash to reason from 11,000 tons of waste and two tons of recycled products every day.
I wanted to know it as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What do you feel using the uniform and carrying that care?
So I started a research project with them.
He traveled in the trucks and walked through their trauma and interviewed people in office and facilities across the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an interruption.
I needed to get more.
So I started working as a trash shelter.
Now I didn't just travel in the trucks. I would drive.
And I took the mechanical records and the snow salts.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
Everybody asks about smell.
It's there, but it's not as unlikely as you believe, and in the days that it's very strong, you get used quickly.
It costs a lot of use to weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies kept allowed to get on their body tons of garbage every week.
It's also danger.
According to the Bureau of Latin Statistics, waste harvesting is one of the most dangerous officials in the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and entering the traffic all day and you're going to hang around you.
They just want to happen, so the driver is not paying attention.
That's really bad for work.
And also the trash itself is full of dangers that often fall from the truck and cause terrible damage.
I also learned about the impression of garbage.
When you get out of the control and you see a city from the back of the truck, you can understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
I never stopped coming.
It's also as a way of breathing or circulation.
It should always be in motion.
And it's also the stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I think waste harvesting are the most important work of work in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They're the first public health protocols.
If you don't get rid of the waste efficient and effective every day, this starts to get rid of your containers and your inherent dangers threaten us in very real ways.
Different diseases that we had controlled for decades and centuries will go back and start dolphins.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of it, we don't have space for the new for what the economy of the economy start to fail when it's in danger.
I'm not advocating for capitalism. I just stop your relationship.
And then there is what I call our average average speed necessary.
And with that, I mean just the speed that we used to move in the contemporary time.
We usually don't worry about it, and we don't stop it, or we take them or we carry with us our cup of coffee, our ball of the magnitudes, our water bottle.
We use them, we threw them up, we forget about them, because we know there's a force force on the other side that will be ashamed of it.
So today I want to suggest a couple of ways to think about the gathering of waste that maybe help reduce stigma and include that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
Her work, I think, is almost cleaner.
They're on the street every day in a radical way.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when you expect.
And their work allows us to do ours.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us apart from ourselves, of our own waste, our bears, and that flow should always stay in one form or another.
One day after September 11th, 2001 -- I heard the graph of a waste gathering truck on the street, grabbed my little son, and I got the stairs running around, and there was a man doing his paper recycling journey as all the missions.
And I tried to thank it to do his work that particular day, but I started crying.
And I looked at me and just attacked, and he said, "We're going to be okay.
We're going to be okay.
Shortly after that, I started investigating the waste harvesting and went back to that man.
It's called Palestine, we worked together so many times and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be fine.
But in our efforts for recognizing the way we exist on this planet as a species we need to include and have in account all costs, even the very real human cost of labor.
Moral waste, what we think when we talk about garbage -- represent three percent of the amount of waste of the nation.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of your days and your lives, the next one you see someone whose work is clean up the garbage of you, looking at a moment to recognize it.
Take a moment to tell you so much.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life form part of the environment where architecture was born naturally from the conditions and the local traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects like this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia.
It also shares the fact that different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the end of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a shopping center of several floors in Ethiopia. Air Abed.
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example, to my team and me, about what we had to design about.
At first, the first thing I thought was, "I want to go out."
After seeing some of these buildings there are many in the city we realized that there are three important aspects to solve.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to employ a lot of energy because the crossing with crystals generates heat inside, so you need a lot of complexity.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's about a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees throughout the year.
And thirdly, its aspect has nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia.
It's a performance of a place that is so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, it was really captured with the old market that is this structure to the free air where thousands of people, go and buy things all day to small sales.
There's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that was what I really wanted to design, not a shopping center.
But the question was how to build a modern building, several floors, applying these principles.
The next challenge is presented by inspiring the site, which is located in an area of a lot of the city growth, where a lot of the buildings that we now see in the image, not exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of meters.
So the first thing we did was we created a connection between these two streets, using all the inputs of the building.
And this extends with an inclusive iron that creates a space to the free air in the building that authors itself, by its own way, the sun and the rain.
And around this space we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, which changes in every floor because of the shape of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that responded to local climate conditions.
And I started thinking about a tissue similar to a performance capture with peak periods to allow the air to the air and also of light, but in a philanthropic way.
And then we inspire these beautiful buttons of the drops of the arms.
They have the properties of fractal geometry, and it helped me to model the film.
We're building that with these little presidential pieces that are the windows that leave the air and the light in a controlled way inside of the building.
This spreads with these little colored crystals that use the light inside the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas it wasn't easy to convince developers because they thought, "This is not a mall. It's not what we asked.
But in definition we all realized that this idea of market turns out to be much more profitable than the mall of the commercial center because at the end of the mall.
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic -- not just because of the material compared to glass, but also because it didn't need to have air conditioning anymore.
So we get certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve the energy screen for the building in a city where electricity cut almost every day.
So we got a big advantage putting pictures on the roof.
And then under those panels we think of roof as a new public space with meeting areas and bars that created this urban oasis.
And these pieces in the roof collect water for the sanitation salaring.
It's expected for the first year, because we go through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia.
And to make a project so big, the biggest one I ever designed -- I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia but also its environment, its tradition and the culture.
During that analysis I had special attention in the media, a $100 structure that was surrounded by a wall with twelve doors connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to place, the first design operation that we did was to expand the existing streets, creating 12 significant blocks in size and characteristics that there are in Barcelona and other cities from Europe with these courtyards in Europe.
In addition to that, we will select some strategic dots in relation to the idea of interconnected doors with straight lines, and this model the initial model.
And the last operation was to think of the cell, the little cell of the project, as the apartment, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the medical climate?
And it's North America, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house, and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we supported a scheme that claims most of the apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with papers, and then on the low plant we have all the connections for the pedestrians of the pedestrians of the people.
And it also responds to local norms that will establish greater density in higher levels and a lower density on the low plant.
And it also solves this idea of the doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space in the project is almost like recovering the space occupied by construction.
It's where all the neighbors, they can climb and survive, and make such activities like running a two miles in the morning, or jumping from one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's life changes communities and local economies at the same rate that buildings.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions, which improves the relationship between community and environment and that they have as objective to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl entered our class. It was so remarkable, as you see all the new girls.
I had big amounts of hair and a little bit of liquid store, so I was very strong for the capitals of the states, very good for proud.
I ended up that year and I was full of cars, until I brought my flat plan.
One day I got a time after the school left -- I was a little late and I hid in the girls' bathroom.
When the coast was delivered, he went out, walked in the classroom, took the table of my teacher to the boat book.
And then I did.
I altered the ratings of my rival just a little bit, just a few of these.
All of that.  And I started to get the book into the box, but to see, some of my other partners had very good notes as well.
So in a sentence, I run the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put all of the rows from Dead and myself a row of that, just because I could be there.
I still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came out.
I don't understand why I felt good to do.
I felt important.
I don't understand why never caught me.
It's that everything was completely obvious.
They never found me.
But most of all, I was unaware the reason why I was bothered that this girl, so small, was so good for proud.
I was intrigued by classrooms.
They're so mysterious and so result.
We know that babies suffer from cars.
Also, private birds are very powerful.
We know that the cards are the number one cause of American Americans in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that adds the loneliness or the long duration or the sadness.
So you have to go to fiction, because the novels are like the lab in which they study in all of their possible shapes.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there was no cars, it would be no literature.
Because there was no Holly insight, there was no "support."
There would be no charter bars, and "The 1,000 and a night?
I wouldn't have Shakespeare.
It would go through the reading lists of high school reading because we would be losing "The noise and the Ford, there wouldn't be "The "Beijing, no "beloved and "The Boston -- we lose "Startup Bober, and "The KBI.
Without cars, there is no Protocol. I know it's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything, and in terms of the cars, almost all of them.
This year you get 100 years of his master work, "I look for lost time -- the most exotic study of sexual cars, and also from ordinary competition, mine, everything we could have.  And thinking in Protocol, we have the sensory details, right?
We thought about a kid trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a humor magnified in your laptop.
We forget how hard that image.
We forget what it is.
I mean, it was books that Virginia Judge said they were as hard as a cat.
I don't know how the cat, but we assume it's supersonic.
Let's see why they go so well together, the novel and the cards, the ones and Protocol.
Will it be very obvious like the cars, which will reduce the person, to your wish, to your improvisation, are a good narrative basically.
I don't know. I think we got very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel cars.
When we feel cars, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make them feel bad.
It's going to be a narrative and audience, we know exactly what details that include it, to sing the calculation, right?
Cars make us all amateur novels, and that's something that Protocols understand.
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give it pleasure to another, maybe right now.
And it starts to tell himself that story, and since then, Protocol says that every single sentence that Salam senses in his lover -- he adds him into his collection of torture instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that San and Protocol, they were noticed cards.
You know, Protocol genomes would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break with him.
But you don't have to be so sad to recognize that it's a tough job. Right?
The ones are applause.
It's a hungry emotion.
And how are the cases?
The ones are born of information.
They use the details.
The cars like the big bright hair quantities and the cute and small standard of liquid.
The ones are nutrients of the photos.
This is why Instagram is so successful --  Freedom is so successful --  Freedom is good at the academic language with the cards.
When Shanghai is in his classroom, they suddenly hear behind the doors and bribe to the series of their lover -- then they have these behaviors.
He says, "Look, I know that you think this is reputation, but it's not different than the interpretation of an old text or looking at a monument."
He says, "You know, scientific research with real intellectual value.
Protocol is trying to prove that the cars look intimidating and make us seem absurd, but in their phone, they are pursuit of knowledge, pursuit of truth, a painful truth -- in fact, what Protocol conceived, the more pain the truth, the better.
pain, humiliation, loss. These were the pathways to the property of Protoco.
He says, "A woman who we need -- that makes us suffering, causes us a lot of feelings that are much more profound and vital than a man knows that I can interested.
Is it telling us that we're going to look for cruel women.
No. I think it's trying to say that the cars reveal us ourselves.
And there is some other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
There's some other emotion reveals our approach, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other excitement that teaches us to look at so perfectly perfectly.
Freud wrote about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a very toxic young young man who was consumed with the idea that his woman would cover him.
And Freud says there was something weird about that man, who didn't look at what his wife did.
Because she was innocent -- everybody knew it.
Poor creature was under suspicion without any cause.
But he looked for things that he did his wife, without realizing the behaviors involved.
Did it smile too much -- or accepted accidentally with a man?
Freud says the man was becoming the illusion of his wife.
The novels are very good at this.
novels describe very well how the ones make us look at intensity, but without accuracy.
In fact, the more intense we are, the more we become residents of fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, cars lead us to do violent or illegal act.
The ones propelled us to behave completely influenced ways.
Now I'm thinking about myself at 8 years, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news.
A woman of Microsoft 24 years old was captured because he created a fake account in Facebook from which he was sent to air messages -- horrible to itself, for a year.
For a year.
She was trying to instill the new girlfriend of his boyfriend, I have to confess that when or this, reacted with admiration as well.
Because, let's be realistic.
What enormous -- although unfortunately, creativity. Right?
It's like novel.
Like a Hama Parachuse novel.
Hans is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character.
It's the author of "The Transition in a Triangle, and "The Young Russian Russian, books that are about how the cars confuse our minds, and once we're in the sphere, in the realm of the jealousy, the membrane that separates what it might be, can be predictable at a moment.
Take Tom Rossian, his most famous character.
Tom Rome is going to want or want what you have to get away from your self and to predict what you ever had, and it's under the floor, and it responds to your name, it takes your rings, you cow your bank account.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the route of Tom Russia.
I can't give you the whole world, as well as sometimes I want to.
It's a pity, because we live in time of envy.
We live in times of cars.
I mean, we're good citizens of social networks, where the currency is the installation? Right?
Do the novels show us the salary, I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters always do when they're not sure, when they're in a mystery.
Let's go to the Charles Street Charles and we asked San Hurt.
When people think in Alabama, they think of male in the Metropolitan professor, that criminal genius.
But I've always been predicted -- "I would look at Linda Little Cambridge, the head face of Stanford Pascal who needs Americans desperately -- needs the genius of Alabama, but they upset.
Oh, it sounds so familiar.
Lester needs his help, but the real thing, and back to played in the fall one of the mysteries.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in "The Sand Sandy And Sandy Hunter, once Alexandria comes in, he would spread all of them with his solution, letting him go back to Alaska and say, "We're not cards, Mr. Hubble.
We're proud of you.
And he tells him that there is no person in Stereot Pascal who didn't want to stress your hand.
It's one of the times we see Alaska transportation in history. I look like this very emotional. That scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the cards as a geometry problem, without emotion.
You know, in a Malay minute is the opposite side of Lestering.
The next minute are the same side.
Suddenly, Lego allows you to admire that idea of being he record.
Could it still be so simple.
What if the cars really are a matter of geometry, just a question where we allow us to be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to think about the excellence of the other.
We can clap with it.
But I like consumption plans.
So as we expect that happens, we remember that we have the fiction.
Just the fiction.
The fiction. I invite you to the table.
And you look at what it applies, the Latin Salaman, the terrifying Tom Rome, the Lake Langley, the Mass Princeton.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the moon of Apollo 11 and discovered on the Terror Sea.
Armstrong and Alex were alone, but his presence on the surface surface was the culmination of a frozen collective process.
The Apollo program was the biggest movement in the history of America.
To get to the moon, NASA spends about 180 billion dollars of today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including the Apollo one.
But before the Apollo program, 24 men traveled to the moon.
Doaa walked on its surface, which Alexander after Arabia death last year, is now the oldest one.
So why did they go?
They didn't bring a lot of them, 300 pounds of old rocks -- and something that the 24 diagnosed later, a new sense of the small and the fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate the Soviets that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kenya at the University of Rio in 1975 give us a better idea.
John F. Kenya. Some questions why the moon on it?
Why do you turn it into our objective?
And you could also ask, why do you scale the highest mountain scale?
35 years ago, why would they fly on the Atlantic."
Why do I play Rice against Texas.
We choose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Postage, For contemporary, the Apollo was not just a victory of the West on the Cold War.
At the time, the stronger emotion was the wonder to the transparency of the power of technology.
They were because it was great power to do it.
The landing in the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological terms.
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane, the penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, the powder is born and broke the smallpox.
Technology seemed to see what Alvin Alexandria in 1970 called a "bug Accessory.
For most of the history of humanity, we could not go faster than a horse or a ship with candle -- but in 1969, the Archimede crew flew up to 40,000 miles an hour.
Since 1970, no human being has come to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than the Apollo 10, and the optimism of optimism about the power of technology has been able to see that problems that we imagine as to go to Mars, create a clean energy, cure cancer, or feed the world population seems to be incomplete.
I remember looking at the Apollo 17th.
I was five years old, and my mother told me they didn't look at the school tube called the Sarah Saturn.
I knew a lot that this would be the last flying mission, but I was completely sure that I was going to see the colonies on Mars.
So that in "The way to our ability to solve problems with technology, has become a common place.
We heard it all the time.
We've heard it during the last two days here at TED.
It looks like the technologists would have spread us and they had been enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhone, apps and social networks, or algorithms that accelerate the automated sell.
There's nothing wrong in most of these things.
They've expanded and enrich our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There is a paralyzed explanation in Silicon Valley, who confessed that they have created less ambitious companies than the years they fund Intel and Microsoft and Apple and Georgia.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the curiosity, in contrast, the incentives that risk capitalists offer to business.
Silicon Valley says that the venture investment causes the creation of transformative ideas, by the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what's wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when the risk capitalists were in their post-conflict point without worrying about risk, they prefer small investments in the world that they could go out in 10 years.
The CO2, they've always had problems to invest with benefit in technologies like energy, which need a huge capital and whose development is long-term -- haven't invested ever in developing technologies to solve big problems because they don't have immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons why we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes, we choose not to solve big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted to.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular, and that would never happen.
We don't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes, we can't solve the big problems because the political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar, wind and biometric -- less than two percent, and the reason is completely cheap.
Corruption and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind, and oil is cheaper than biometic.
We want alternative energy sources that can compete in price, not exist.
Now, the technologists and the entrepreneurs and the economists agree about what policies and international treatment will increase the development of an alternative energy, which is a very significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of the coal price.
But there's no hope in the political climate today that we will see an energy policy in America or international treatment that reflect that conference.
Sometimes the big problems that look like technology, they are not going to be.
We know from a time that famine are result of failure in food reform.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famine are political crisis that affect the distribution of food.
Technology can improve things like competitions or systems for storing and feeding food, but there will be famine while there are bad government.
Finally, big problems sometimes choose a solution because we don't understand the problem.
President Nixon declared the war to cancer in 1975, but soon we found that there are many kinds of cancer, some terribly resistant resistances to treatment, and only in the last 10 years they seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
The hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we can't solve problems with technology.
We can and we should, but these four elements have to be present -- political leaders and population must want to solve the problem, the institutions should support the solution, it should really try to really try and understand a technological problem, and we need to understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems, with those creatures.
But it's an ironic model, in the future.
We're not in 1968.
There is no competition in the Cold War -- there is no policy like John Kennedy who helps the hard and the dangerous, and there is no popular science of science fiction like exploring the solar system.
In general, going to the moon it turned out to be simple.
I was just three days.
And really, I wasn't even solving any problem.
We're alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we're not missing the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start by remembering the general ideas that you have about trust.
They're so common that they've become a cliche of our society.
I think they're three.
The first one is a recognition, there's been a great decline of trust, it's a very widespread belief.
The second one is a goal, we should have more trust.
And third is a task -- we should recover trust.
I think the recognition, the goal and the task has been interruptional.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a recognition, a goal and a task that I think gives a more clear idea on the subject.
First of all, why do people think trust has described?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I was urging me to think that it may have declined in some activities or institutions and that could have increased others.
I don't have it.
But I can resort the opinion polls and the opinion polls are supposedly the source of the belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at the opinion polls over time, there are no evidence of it.
I mean, the people who are described about 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politics, continue to inspire the same desert.
And the people who were very reliable 20 years ago, they are still pretty considerably, play, nurses.
The rest is in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen on the street is almost exactly half of the way.
But is this evidence enough?
What the opinion survey polls are, of course, opinions.
What else can you record?
What you see is the generic attitudes that people manifest when they ask them certain questions.
Trust the politicians in the phones? Trust the teachers.
Now, if someone asked you, "Do you go in the based.
Company in the fishers?
Do you trust the primary teachers?
And they probably started to ask, "What do you do?
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you might say, when you've answered your question, "Well, trust in some, but in other not."
Which is very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to destroy trust in a difference.
We don't assume that the level of trust we're going to feel for a certain kind of official or function or type of person, it's going to be uniform in all cases.
I could, for example, to say I trust a certain primate teacher I know to give you the kind of read, but no way to drive the school microscope.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my most crazy friend to keep a conversation, but no, maybe to give a secret.
Simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is differential -- why do we leave all of that knowledge when we think about trust a more abstract way?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to hear the good judgment in the fact of trusting something or somebody.
Secondly, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal that I was doing.
I will have more confidence in what is to deserve trust, but not what it is.
In definition, I'm a participation of not trust in what's not reliable.
And I think that those people who defeat their savings with the very clearly named Mr. Mandela, who then disappeared with them, I think about them, and I think, well, yeah, they were too considerable.
Having more confidence is not an intelligent goal in this life.
Trust training or block with intelligence, that's the right goal.
Once you tell it, you know, yeah, it means that what matters in first place is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What it is about is making a judgment about how trustworthy people are in certain ways.
And I think to be able to do a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competent? Are they honest? They're responsible.
And if we find a person is competition in the personal materials, and it's responsible and honest, then we'll have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be a trust.
But if, on the contrary, are not responsible -- we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are components and honest, but it doesn't trust them to take a letter to the mail because they're forgotten to be forgotten.
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see that they will pass their own competition.
And I'm very happy to say I think I don't have a lot of friends who are competent, and responsible but extremely depression.
If I look like this, I still haven't lost.
But that's what we're looking for, trustworthiness.
The trust is the answer.
The confidence is what we have to judge it.
And of course, it's hard.
Over the last few decades, we've tried to build accountability systems for all sorts of institutions, professional professionals, officials and others, that made us easier to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once talking to a part and said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the advertising paper than you will put the piece on it.
And we found the same problem in all of our public life, and institutional life, that the account review system that is destined to guarantee trust and test tests actually are doing the opposite.
What they do is they make the work of the people who have to do hard tasks, like the parts of the parts, learn that "God the capitalism, as we say.
I sure you all know similar examples.
All of that, by the target.
I think the goal should be more trust, and that things would be different if we're trying to be trusted and transformed to the people who are consideration, and if we try to determine whether other people or officials or politicians are worthy of trust.
It's not easy. It's the judgment -- the simple actions, the attitudes -- what it doesn't do properly.
Third, the task.
They call the task rebuild the trust, put things on the back.
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can rebuild the trustworthiness.
We can do it if they're two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust, in definition, is a difference because we get other people.
You can't rebuild what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough bases so they can trust you.
You have to be a trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't fix it, usually to all people, all the time.
But you also need to be able to be a consent of trust.
How do you do that?
That makes every day, everywhere, does the common people, the functions, the institutions, very effective.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I bought my calories says I can get rid of them without giving any explanation.
I get them and give me the money, or I change them for the color that I want.
That's great. I trust them because they became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a big lesson in that.
If you get vulnerable to the other hand, that's a very good proof that you are worthy of trust, and you have trust on what you're saying.
So at the end, I think what we're pointing out is not very difficult to enjoy it.
In what people trust is relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
Since the beginnings of computers we've been struggling to reduce the separation between us and the digital information, the separation between our material world and the world of screen where imagination can be density.
This separation has been broken, increasingly and more, at such a point that today is less than one millimeter, the spectrum of the glass of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone.
But I wonder, and if there were no batteries."
I started imagining how it would be.
First of all, I created this tool that goes into the digital space, so that when we put it strong against the screen by carrying its physical body to comes up.
Designers can manipulate their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen.
So with this tool you break the barriers apart.
But the two hands remain still out of the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of your hands?
In the division of Science Association in Microsoft, along with my mentor Carrence Bangladesh, the computer reduces and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
They combine a transparent view with depth cameras to detect fingers and face -- now you can raise the hands of the keyboard, get to the inside of the 3D space, and then grab it directly with your hands.
Like windows and archives have a location in real space, separated it is as easy as to grab a book of a station.
You can take the book and pick up lines or words with the virtual touch sensor that are below every single screen.
Architects can stretch or rotate their mothers directly with hands.
In these examples, we get rid of the digital world.
What if we invest the papers and make digital information come to us?
Sure, many of us have bought and giving things on the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry.
What I have here is a virtual test on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a mountain device in your head or convey when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel it?
What would be a future like this?
At MIT Media with my tumor Higgs School and my collaborator Rando Post, we created this only physical hair.
This spherical electromagnet is behaving as a piece in the space, which means that as much the computer as users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space.
Similarly, what we did was we analyzed gravity and control movement through a combination of magnetic levitation and mechanical and detector legislation.
And by programming digitally the object, we release it from time constraints and space, which means that human movements can record and go back and go back forever in the physical world.
You can teach physically, physically and distance, and the famous shot of Michael Jordan can be replicated as a physical reality the time we want.
Students can use them as tools to understand complicated concepts such as the movement of planets, physics, and unlike monitors or textbooks, this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel. It's very powerful.
But what's most fascinating to change the physics part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information will not only show us something but start acting directly about us as part of the physical world that surrounds us without having to get rid of our world.
We started today talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that's left is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a paper for two years in Hong China, China, in the 1970s.
When I was in the first grade, the government wanted to transport a school for athletes with all the expenses painted.
But my mother tiger said, "No."
My parents wanted me to become engineering, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they felt strongly that there was only one path to happiness -- a safe and good work remotely.
No matter whether the work would like to or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese point of view.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A singer of opera must start training from very young to learn the attacks, so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school.
I wrote to the director of school and the presentation of a radio program.
But no adult is happy to do this.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends supported me, but they were kids, without authority, like me.
So at the age of 15 years, I knew it was too much bigger to train.
My dream never did.
I feared that during the rest of my life a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I resolved looking for another calling.
Nobody around me wanted to teach me? Okay.
Take the books.
(Music Communitions, from San Charles Charles -- National Harvard Come to America in 1995, and what were the first books that I read here?
Those who were forbidden in China, of course.
"The Good Earth is the Chinese commercial life.
And it's not proposing convention. I understand.
The Bible is interesting, but strange.
That's a topic for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation. "You send your father and your mother."
"You know, I said, "It's so different, and much better than you observe?
So it became my tool to get out of this consumer guilt and to reinvent the relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture also gave me a place to my compassionate reading.
Brown personality.
For example, this map seemed to me out of place because this is what students in China learn.
I had occurred to me that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
Compassion reading is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are to research camps like compassionate religion and compassionate literature.
Compare and contrast it to academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought if the compassionate leader worked to research, why not do it in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two.
You can deal with people -- (Audience Smiley Standards of Wall Smiley, who were involved in one subject, or friends with shared experiences.
For the Crimarian, the temptation are economic, political and spiritual ones.
For the Buddha -- they're all psychologists, lust, fear and it should be social. Interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
(Music Mars Talk Talk, Thomas Medical -- "The Walk of The Talk," Alan Watson, instead of losing the translation -- I found you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through translation that I realized that Neltom, in Chinese literally means -- "Start rapidly?
And "I are in Chinese literally means "The mother."
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know not to feel alone or impossible ever.
Having a depressing dream is really nothing compared to what many others have suffered with.
I have come to believe that the fact is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that dreams come from, where the passion, where happiness comes from.
Even a defense dream can do that for you.
And it's because of the books, I'm here today, happy, living again with purpose and clearly, most of the time.
So the books always accompanied them.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first client of psychologists.
I was a Ph.D. in clinical psychology, in Berkeley.
She was a 24-hour woman called Alex.
Alex came up to the first session using poison and a huge top, he took on the couch of my office taken off the shoes and told me I wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so almost.
My class company had a paradise as a first client here.
And I got a terrorist that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the joke stories that Alex brought into the sessions -- I was easy only to move the head while we came back the solution.
"The tribes are the new fears, he said, Alexander, and for what I saw, she was right.
You start to work after that, you have children later, even the death goes later.
For fears like Alex and I had time of support.
But shortly after, my support press me to press Alex to talk about his loving life.
I was resistant.
I said, "Yeah, he's coming out with guys under his category -- he was absorbed with a heart head, but it's not as if he was to marry him.
And then my suggestion said, "I don't know, but maybe it married the next one.
In addition, the best moment to work on Alexandria marriage is before it do do deal?
This is what psychologists call a "stream moment?
It was when I realized that the 30 aren't the new 20.
Yes, people feel head after what they used to, but this didn't make the 20th of Alex be a pause in their development.
This made the 20th of Alex were the perfect moment and we were disappearing it.
So I realized that this kind of benign narrative was a real problem and it had real consequences -- not only for Alex and his loving life but for careers and families and the future of fears everywhere.
There are 50 million fears in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you consider that no one comes to adulthood.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20.
I want to see the fears here.
Oh, yeah. They're amazing.
If you work with fear, you love a fear of a fear, you remove your dream a sentence, you want to see. It is good. It is amazing.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at 35 years.
This means eight of 10 decisions and experiences and moments "Sergey," which shapes his life would have gone to when they have 30 and so much.
People from over 40, they don't get in panic.
This audience is going to be well, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a race have an exponential impact on how many money they win.
We know that over half of Americans are married, they live or they're coming out with their future partner at 30 years.
We know that the brain ends up their second and final stage of growth in their 20s and represents for adults, which means that if there's something that you want to change themselves, now it's time to change.
We know that personality changes more times during their 20s than at any time in life, and we know that female fertility comes to their tourist to the 28, and things become complicated at 35 degrees.
The 20 are the moment to educate on their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment where your daily life and common has an impact on the person who became a beautiful.
But what we don't hear often is that there's something called adult development and our 20 are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the fears are listening.
The newspapers talk about changes on the line of the adulthood.
The researchers call the 20th of the extracting adolescence.
The journalists add to the services like "all," and "business."
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a critical what is actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Berry said that to achieve big things, they need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it?
What do you think happens when you give you a shock on your head and say, "Do you have another 10 years to start your life."
Nothing happens.
You stole that person the sense of urgency and its ambition and it doesn't absolutely nothing.
And then every day, smart seasons, interesting teachers like you or your children and daughters come to my office and say something like this, "I know my boyfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count, I'm just killing time."
Or they say, "You have to say that as you start a career before the 30, everything will be fine.
But then it starts to sound something like this, "My 20s are at last, and I still have nothing to show you.
I had better cover the day I graduated from college.
And then it starts to sound something like this, "My quotes during the two were like the game game.
They all run and fun, but then at some point around the 30, the music came up, and they all started to sit down.
I didn't want to be the only one that would be stop, so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when I was 30."
Where are the fears here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little bit extreme but not wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 30, there's a huge pressure to the transitions and so many of you start a career, pick up a city, and have two or three children in a much more short time.
A lot of these things are not compassion, and there are research that starts to show that it's much more difficult and stressful to do all of the time at 30.
The crisis of middle-aged middle-aged crisis is not about buying red sporting cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the career you want now.
Realizing you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give a brother to your son.
And so many translators and the floors look at themselves, and to me, sitting in the room, and talking about their 20th, "What was he doing? What was he thinking?"
I want to change what the fears are doing and think.
Here's a story about how it could be.
It's a story about a woman called Emma.
At the age of 25, Emma came to my office because he was, in his own words, having a crisis of identity.
He said he would like to work in art or in entertainment, but he still couldn't decide, so I spent the last few years working as a lie.
As it was cheaper, I lived with a girlfriend that showed more tofu than ambition, than I was going to show you more afraid than ambition, than I was going to show you more afraid than ambition, than I was going to show you more afraid than ambition, than I was going to show you more afraid than ambition, than I was going to show you more afraid than ambition,
And despite living about 20 very difficult, his previous life had been even more difficult.
He was often crying in our sessions. But then she got out of himself to say, "You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends."
Well, one day Emma had put his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour.
I had just bought a new free for director, and I had spent the whole morning with her many contacts -- but then it was looking at the empty space that followed after the words "In the case of "me called the headline."
I was at the point of the story when I saw me and said, "Who's going to be for me if I have a cardiac accident.
Who is going to care about if I give you cancer?
At that time, I have a lot of work and I don't say, "Aye."
What Emma needed was not a therapist that actually would worry.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit while the decisive decade of Emma was going.
So, over the next few weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all the sealed or man or women, deserves know.
First of all, I told Emma to forget about that identity crisis and get identity capital.
For identity capital, I mean to do something that add value to your person.
Doing something that is an investment in what you want to be next.
I didn't know the future of the Canada career, and nobody knows the future of work, but I know this -- identity capital generates capital capital.
So now it's time for that work on the other side of the country, from that internal, of that company that you want to test.
I'm not slowing up the fear exploration, I'm holding the exploration that I shouldn't tell you, but by the way, it's not exploration.
It's predictable.
I told Emma to explore jobs and make them count.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are surprised.
The best friends are great to take the airport, but the fears that join friends with similar minds are limited to who you know, what you know, how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new capital piece of capital, that new person who comes out almost always comes from their closest circle.
New things come from what is called false colors of friends of their friends.
Yes, half of the fears have a bad job or don't have work.
But the other half not, and the weak links are the way we fly this group.
Half of the jobs created never published, then knowing the boss of your neighbor is how to get a job not published.
It's not cheating. It's the science of how information happens.
Finally, but not less important, Emma thinks you don't choose your family, but you know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a fear -- Emma soon chose his family, when he had a partner and his own family.
I said to Emma that the time to choose his family had arrived.
Maybe you think that 30 is better age to feel head than the 20 or even 25 and I agree with you.
But I chose the person that you live with now or you are obsessed now when everyone in Facebook start walking towards the height is not progress.
The best moment to work on your marriage is before you have it, and that means being so intentional in love as you're at work.
Pick your family must be a conscious choice of who and what you want instead of just to make it work or kill time with who you are that electronics to you.
So what happened to Star?
Well, we looked at that direction, and she found the roommate of a cousin that worked in a art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a work there.
That work supply gave him a reason to leave the girlfriend that he lived with.
Now, five years later, it's a special organize of events in museums.
This tag with a man who chose consciously choice.
I love his new career, love his new family, and sent me a letter that said, "Now the emergency contact spaces are not big enough.
The story of Emma can sound easy, but that's what I love to work with temperatures.
It's very easy to help them.
The fears are like planes that come out from the Los Angeles airport, that come out somewhere in the West.
Just before the delivery, a slight approach in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Paint.
In the same way, at 21 or 25 and even at the age of 29 -- a good conversation, a good TED Talk, can have huge effects in the next years or even in the next generation.
Here's my idea of spreading to all the fears that you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex.
It's what I now have the privilege of saying to fears like Emma every day -- the tribes are not the new 20, they get their adult, they get identity capital, they use their weak links -- they choose your family.
They didn't let them define what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very demanding work in a tent for a work that was even more expensive, the documentary.
I went to teach mathematics to graduate students in New York City schools.
And as any professor, I applied tests and tests.
I give you tasks.
When the work comes back, it calculates the grades.
What struck me the attention was that the CIA was not the only difference between my best students and my worst students.
Some of the people who had a better performance didn't have CEO of Chicago, sculptures.
Some of my smartest kids didn't go so well.
And that got me thinking.
The kind of thing that you need to learn in math in seventh degrees, safe -- are hard, providing them, decline, the area of a paralysis.
But these concepts are not impossible, and I was very convinced that every one of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during enough time.
After several years more of documents, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivation perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure in a better way.
It's CO2, but what if I succeed in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn in a rapid and easy way?
So I left the classrooms and I went to university to become a psychologist.
I started studying children and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios. And in every study my question was, who is successful here and why?
My research team and I went to the Millennium West West Academy.
We try to predict what houses are going to stay in military training and who will repair.
We went to the National Congress of Defense and we tried to predict what kids are going to be very far at competition.
We study nuclear teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, asking us what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school year and those who will be the most effective to improve the learning outcomes of their students.
We associate with private companies, asking ourselves, what about these marketers are going to keep their job point?
And who is going to make more money?
In all of those very different contexts, it emerged a feature as a major prediction of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good appearance -- physical health, and it wasn't Chris.
It was the detection.
Determination is passion and persuasion to achieve very long-term goals.
The determination is to have resistance.
The determination is to affect your future, day after day, not only for the week, not only for the week, but for years and working hard to make that future a reality.
The determination is to live life as if it was a marathon.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in the public schools of Chicago.
I asked thousands of students from high school to make my determination questions, and then I waited around a year to see who they were graduating out.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly greater properties of graduation -- even when they were in every feature that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized tests, even the security that children felt when they were in school.
So it's not just in West Point or the National Congress of Defense in which it matters detection.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know, the little thing that science knows about its development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do you develop the determination in the kids?
What should I do to teach kids an ethical job of work?
How do you keep them motivation for the long line?
The most honest answer is, I don't know.  What I know is that talent doesn't give you detection.
Our data will show very clearly that there are many talented individuals that are simply not coming forward with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, complex determination is not related or is even related to the methods of talent.
Until now, the best idea I've heard about developing the determination in children is something called the birth "compared."
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carnegie Dinner, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed -- that it can change with effort.
Dr. Dinner has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how they change and grow in response to the challenge, they are much more likely to pursue when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth mindset is a great idea to develop detection.
But we need more.
And that's where my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have in front of us.
We need to take our best ideas, our stronger intuitions, and we need to prove it.
We need to measure if they've been successful, and we have to be willing to fail, to be encouraging, to start all again with the lessons that are learning.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our kids more generous.
Thank you.
Growing in Taiwan as the daughter of a scale, one of my most scary memories is my mother showing the beauty and the shape and the Chinese characters figure.
From that moment, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for an ambition, it seems to be as improvising as the Great Wall China.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can break this wall, so that you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and quick method of learning Chinese could be helpful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the strokes in each character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese academic, understanding 20,000 characters.
You just need a thousand to understand basic justice.
The first 200 percent will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature -- enough to read traffic signals, memes of restaurant, understand the basic idea of web pages or newspapers.
Today I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
They open their mouth as much as possible until it's square.
You get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a walk.
Person.
If the shape of fire is a person with arms in both sides -- as if it was shouting in a fragile way, "I am something -- I am striking -- this symbol actually is arguing from the shape of the call, but I like to believe that it's the other way. The one that works.
This is a tree.
trees.
This is a mountain.
South.
The moon.
The symbol of the door looks like a couple doors of a continent in the old West.
I call it radical to these eight characters.
They're building blocks to create many more characters.
One person.
If someone walks back, that's "being "show them.
As the old said, two are company, three are crowd.
If a person will stretch their arms, this person is saying to be that big.
The person inside the mouth, the person is stuck.
It's a prisoner like Johnny inside the whale.
A tree is a tree, two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a chart under the tree, we have the foundations.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's a "Child:  Easy to remember, because a tree is pretty harmful.
Remember the fire?
Two flies together, it gets very hot.
Three flights together, that's a lot of call.
Put the fire under the two trees -- that's collapse.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two surfaces together, predicting.
Three together, those are depressions.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the brother.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and a night.
The sun comes out on the horizon, and the Susan.
One door. Put a board inside the door, it's the door of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Too, there is somebody at home?
This person is coming out of one door, going on, appropriate.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing them.
Three women together, they have careful as adults.
So we've already happened for almost 30 characters.
By using this method -- the first eight radio eight radical will allow them to build 32.
The next eight characters are building another 32.
So with every little effort, you'll be able to learn a couple hundred characters -- which is the same thing as learning an eight-year-old Chinese.
So after knowing the characters we started to create sentences.
For example, mountain and fire together, we have a fire. It's a volume.
We know that Japan is the Earth's land.
This is a sun consistent with the origin because Japan is east of China.
So a sun alongside the origin -- we created Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left are two mountains applying one over the other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile. Because Chinese emperor would decrease their political enemies beyond mountains.
Today, the exercise has become coming out.
A mouth that tells you where to go out is a salary.
This is a slide to remind that I have to stop talking and down from the stage. Thank you.
What I prefer from being dad is the movies I come to see.
I love to share my favorite films with my kids, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the Maha magician, together.
The film is giving his imagination for months.
His favorite character was Gallon, of course.
I gave him a good excuse to use a bright dress and take a magic vaccine.
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and create our children in a kind of industrial complex show of children's fantasy.
However, the magician of Oz was an event in itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took a few years later with the last few years -- interestingly, another film whose protections, a metal boy and a picture kid rescued a girl who was stroke as a guard of the enemy.
Do you know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
There's a big difference between these two films, there's a couple of big differences between the Mac of Oz and all the movies we see today.
One is that there are very little violence in the Mac of Obama.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like the apples.
But I think if the magician of Oz is done today, the magician would say, Durakoy, you are the sand of Oz as the profession proposes.
They use magic shoes to defeat the border generations of the Brazilian market.
But that's not what happens.
Another single thing about the Mac of Oz is that the most heroic characters and even chairs are women.
I started to notice this when I did Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a son.
Only three years old.
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the super-friendship level had stopped.  And so he was disappeared in the room and he was impressed as a mom standing with his parasites behind, and I don't think he understood what was happened, but unfortunately, he absorbs everything.
I wonder what perfection.
Would it be worth of value, perception and legally locally.
Would you feel the feeling that Luke is an army to defeat the government?
We compare this with the Mac Machine of 1967.
How do I win your movie?
It's going to make good maps with everyone and be a leadership.
It's the kind of world that I want my kids to grow up -- and not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much food capital, force in movies for our children, and so little on the way of yellow capitalists.
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in girls, and they should read. It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this story.
I know for experience that the Leone princess didn't provide the proper framework that would have served me to navigate the world of adults who is mix.  I think at the time of the first trace, I really expected to expect the credit to start coming up because it's the end of the film, right?
My search has done, I have girlfriend.
Why are you still standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The films are focused on deboration and getting their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like a child, you have to be a stupid animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a shot suit.
There are many exceptions, and they defend the Disney princess to any of you.
But send a message to kids, even though they are, kids are not really their target public.
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how they defend the parallel, but they don't necessarily show kids how they defend the parallel.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, as real and lovely as Herbie and Karachi, but they don't stop being movies of war.
Of course, the most successful theme of all time continues to appear in classic after classical composition, each one of them on the adventures of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and two men who come up with a girl.
Until many of you are thinking, this year, finally came out loud.
I recommend all of you. It's available in stores.
Remember what the critic said when I came out Valley."
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie of a principle.
It's very good. They don't let that stop them.
Well, almost none of these films pass the test of Berlin.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It hasn't yet fallen roots and already proposed, but maybe today we start a movement.
Alexander Berlin is a comic drawing, and in the middle of the 1980s, I recorded a conversation that I had with a friend about the assessment of the movies that you saw.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that you should do -- in the movie, there's more than a female character that has linearly line?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
These women talk to each other at some point in the movie?
Their conversations are about something else about the kid who are so much like --  Okay? Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things each other.
It happens. I've seen it, and yet very quickly I see it in the movie we know and love.
In fact, this week, I went to see a very good quality film, Art.
Right? Rockets of Allen, the headline, an idea of consensus of what a Hollywood movie is.
It's basically not the test of Berlin.
And I don't think I should, because a lot of the movie, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film happens in a landscape where men and women are hiding during the crisis crisis.
We have a lot of scenes of men who have deep conversations and painful conversations in this hidden, and it's the big moment for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say, come on the bed, heart it?
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, of the 100 most popular movies, how many of them think they have female proportions."
Okay. It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women we've chosen recently for Congress, then it's fine.
But there's a bigger number that is going to be disappointed this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what I said.
In the United States, one in five women say it's been sexually assaulted ever in their life.
I don't think it's the fault of mass entertainment.
I don't think movies for children have something to do with that.
I don't think the videos of music or pornography are closely linked -- but something wrong, and when I hear that statistic one of the things I think is that there's a lot of sexual adversity.
Who are those kids? What are those kids?
What don't you learn for?
They're applying the story that says the role of a male hero is to defeat the chair with violence and then raise the reward, which is a woman who has no friends and not talking about it."
Are we setting up that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very aggressive statistic and we want to preserve it.
We have tools at our disposal as a powerful bank, and we hope that it help, but I have to ask you, is it going to be able to protect them to protect them if, at the same time, active or passively -- are we educating our children to keep their male power.
I mean, I think the Netflix list is a way to do something really important, and here I mean the parents.
I think we have to show our children a new definition of men.
The definition of manufacturing is changing radically quickly.
You've read about how new economy is changing the role that you care about home and applied.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter what his favorite character from Star Wars know what he said, what he said.
Okay.
They brought up, Kenya and Gallon.
What do these two people have in common?
Maybe it's not just the bright dress either.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies who know more than no one, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them reach their potential.
They are leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want less stories in which I tell my son, sees and fight only and more stories where you see their work is to join a team, maybe a team leading for women, helping other people better to improve and be better people, like the magic of Oz as well.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things I was most like was to look for sea cookies on the shores of Maine because my parents told me that it would be lucky.
But you know, it's hard to find these stones.
You're covered with sand and it's hard to see it.
However, over time, I used to look at it.
I began to see shapes and patterns that helped me collect me.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for the past and the archive.
And finally when I started studying excitement, I realized that I was seeing my own eyes not enough.
Because, suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of almost 1,000 miles of length alongside the Nigeria.
And my sea cookies.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try and make a map of the past, I knew I had to see differently.
I want to show you an example of how different we see when we use infrared use.
This is a place in the eastern region of Egypt called Benga.
And the place, at simple sight, seems to be brown -- but when we use infrared and we process it using false color, suddenly the place looks like bright rock.
What you're seeing are real chemical changes of landscape caused by building materials and the activities of ancient Egyptians and electrodes.
I want to share with you how we've used satellite data to find an ancient Egypt city, called Communication, lost for thousands of years.
Interesting was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in the Facebook, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance of the ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The Egyptians have always known that Communication, he was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that build them, indicated inside the red circles here, but somewhere within this huge play planning.
This area is enormous. It is about 6,000 by 4,000 miles.
Before, the Nine flew right next to Committeen, and as he changed over time, he brought the whole city.
So how do you find a private city in an alien landscape?
Trying to find it would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a painting, with the eyes sold and using baseball games.
So we use NASA reproductive data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We were able to see where the NSA was.
But you can see more detail, and it's even more interesting, this slightly hidden area that you see inside the circle here, that we thought it could be the location of Communication.
So we collaborated with Egyptians doing jobs to show -- you can see it here.
When I say to say, it's like the shots of shows in ice, but instead of layers of climate change, we look for human occupation glasses.
Five meters down, underneath a layer of landscape, we found a dense layer of character objects.
This means that in this possible location of Companies, five meters down, we have a speech layer of a number of hundreds of years that date from the Middle Empire -- exactly the same period that we think is Commission.
We also found power jobs, collective, short and cat work, which shows that there was a jewelry workshop there.
This might seem like it's not much, but when we think about the most common stones used in the middle of the Middle Empire -- these are the stones that are used.
So we have a dense dense layer that goes from the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence of a elite jewelry shop that shows that what has been there, was a very important city.
We still don't find Company here, but we go back to the place in a nearby future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to address young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology, so they can also perform great discoveries.
I want to end up with my favorite quote of the Middle Empire, probably was written in Congress 4,000 years ago.
By sharing knowledge is the biggest of all voters.
There's nothing like that on Earth.
So according to it, TED wasn't founded in 1984 -- C.
They made ideas happen. They actually started in 1984 to C, in a lost city not for a long time and found from the high.
It certainly puts the search of marine shells in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, front of the door.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door, to the material that's made.
Now I visualize a group of obese networks in bicycle.
They're competing in a charity of bicycles and they're going to address their door.
I need you to look at this.
They're getting strong, they're supplying -- they're going to jump a lot.
And they put up against the door of his house.
There are bacteria flying all over the place, wheels that go through their side, ray from the wheels that ended up in attractive places. Walk the door threshold.
The skin, or what there is on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light. The light is shining over the Gulf of the Galapagos.
He's heart with her hand.
And from his chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse I'm talking about.
You can feel your blue hair making it consistent in the nose.
You can smell the analog and countries that are about to get on the mouth.
They go along the side and they enter his living room.
Already in the room, and making maximum use of its imagination, imagine Britney South.
It's with little clothes, dancing on his center metal, singing "The Montana One Mark Man.
Now you go to the kitchen.
The ground has been coated with a path of yellow brick and from the oven that comes to you to DNA, the Manhattan Man and the Ladies of "The Mass of One, attacked by hands, jumping into you.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that is taken in the face of every spring in New York.
It's called the United States Memorial of the United States.
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist -- I hope, I suppose, that this was like the end of a survival survivor.
There were several men and a few ladies of different ages and different hygiene.
They were memorized hundreds of random numbers, look at just once.
They memorize the names of tens and dozens of strangers.
I memorized entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who could memorize with greater radiation the order of a bank bar.
And I thought, "This is amazing.
These people must be phenomena of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Cole who had come from England and he has one of the best translations better.
I said, "Well, when do you realize that you were a health?
Ed said, "I'm not a sand.
Actually, I have a average memory.
Everybody who participate from this competition say they have normal memory.
"We have trained ourselves to perform these miraculous acts of memory using some ancient techniques, invented 250 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that City used to memorize their speech, and that medieval academics used to memorize extreme books.
And my reaction was, "You know how I hadn't heard of this before?
We were standing outside of the competition, and El El who is a wonderful and brilliant English -- although a little bit exception, he said, "Wow, you are an American journalist.
Do you know Brian Southern British."
And I said, "What? No, why?
"Because I would like to teach Brian South how to memorize order in a live black ball, in national television.
That would test the world that anybody can do it.
And I said, "Well, I'm not Britney South, but maybe you can teach me.
You have to start by something right?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the next year not just training my memory, but also research, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes doesn't work and what their potential can be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called ETL.
He's a love, very likely with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that I had a memory problem, it's amazing.
Somebody incredibly tragic -- but it was a window that allowed us to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
At the other end of the spectrum I met this man.
This is Kim Pennsylvania. He was based on the paper of Daniel Hussein in the film "The Man.
We spent a afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City, memorized the phone game -- it was conscious.
And when I went back, I read a amount of treatment on writing memory about 2,000 years ago in Latin, in the Amazon, and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having training memory and discoveries and culture was not a thing as rare as it can look today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory, to provide their minds.
These techniques have made possible our modern world, but they've also changed us.
They have changed us, and I would say that they've changed us as well.
As we almost don't have to remember, sometimes it looks like we've forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places in our planet where you still find passionate people because of this idea of a trained memory and distribution and culture is this very sophisticated memory of memory.
It's actually not so symbolic, there are competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated -- I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers at the University of London invited a group of memory champions in the lab.
Do you want to know: Is it going to be brains in some way, structural or analyzing different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Is it smarter than the rest of the rest?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There was a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects with them compared them.
When they put them in a magnetic resonance machine, they scan their brains as they memorize numbers and faces and form of community communities, they found that in memory champions they were lit by parts of the brain, different to others.
They actually use them, or they seem to use a part of the brain that involves space memory and navigation memory.
Why? Is there something that we can learn from this?
The tournament of competitive memory is made as an armed race where each year someone comes up with a new way of remembering more things, faster, and then the rest of the competitors should be put into the day.
This is my friend Ben Protestants, three times fighting memory.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 blocks of supportive names that he's about to try and memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and only he dominated.
He uses a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 565 dollars slowly blood.
Yeah. Yes.
And while there is a lot of ways to remember things in these competition, absolutely all techniques used at the end of a single concept that psychologists call "the electronics cleaned.
It illustrates with an electronic elephant known as the "Severey paradox, "The State Sea." I tell two people to remember the same word -- I say to you, "You need a man named Balkari.
That's her appropriate.
And then I asked them, "I think there's a "bug "beloved."
And when I went back later, and I asked them, "Do that word I told you about a chicken?
Do you have to do what it was?
The person who was told that his name is Bale is unlikely to remember the same word as the person who was told to be told is "being "beautiful."
The same word, different ability to remember, is weird.
What happens here?
Well, the Bank name actually doesn't mean anything for you.
With all the other memories that they dance for their head.
But the word, "Look, we know passengers.
They use similar white hats.
They have in the hands.
They were okay when they come back home to work.
We probably know some paragraph.
And when we first went through that word for the first time, we started to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to think about it at some time.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this is about 2,000 years ago in the ancient Greece.
It's known as the "Second of Memorial."
The story says like this. There was a poet called Similar that assisted a bank.
They had hired it as entertainment, because before before, if you wanted to give a very good party, it wasn't going to be about the 17th, it was hired to a poet.
He stood up with his memory poem -- and they went down, and so soon it was, and the shark room was collapsed.
Let's kill everyone.
But not only killed it all, but it destroys the bodies that are gradually.
No one could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting there.
So you couldn't understand the bodies.
One tragedy behind the other.
Similarly, standing outside, only survivor, in the middle of the rubble, closed the eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where he had been sitting every winter.
I took the family family from the hand to get them to where their beings were loved between the rubble.
What Similator was going to be at that moment is something we all know more or less inevitably -- and it is that no matter if we're not good to remember names or phone numbers or words for word of our colleagues, we have visual memory and exceptional space.
If I asked them to give me the first 10 words of history that I just told you about Similatory, it's very likely to tell you very hard to do it.
But I bet that if I asked them to tell you who was sitting on the horse side in his dress, they would be able to shake it.
The idea of the memory of memory is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and to protect from images with the things that you want to remember, and the more local, desperate, fantastic, support and applications are the picture, more unexpected to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first memory treatment in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in the ground.
And how does it work?
We say that you have been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and you want to make it memory in the same way that Cyrus did if you had invited it to Twitter 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine that you're at the door of your house.
And you can imagine some kind of absolutely ridiculous, crazy image to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely inspiring competition.
And then you can imagine coming into your house, and seeing the Monologue Mountains mounted on Mission Elee.
And that would remind you that you want to introduce your friend Ed College.
And then you see Brian South to remind you that funny anecdote you want to count.
And then they entered the kitchen, and the fourth theme they talked about would be that strange journey that they did for an entire year, and they have some friends to help them remember them.
This is how the Roman speakers memorize their speech, not word for word, which is going to confuse them, but typical by typical numbers.
In fact the term "anyone" comes from the Greek "show that means "brilliant?
It's a version of when people thought about the original and in the rhetoric with this kind of space terms.
The phrase "I first place -- it would be like the first place in his memory stick.
And I saw that this was just fascinating and I got a lot of it in that.
I went to some of these memory competition, and I had the idea of writing something weird about this competitive memory submission.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a particularly boring event.
But seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting in taking tests. I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone is labeled the front.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try and put it in its place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning before you sat to see the New York Times just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of an old school announcement bought in a pillar market.
And I discovered that this was very excited.
And I had expected it to be.
It was interruption, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What it really is about doing is getting more and more more and more able to create the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images -- compositions, properties, instincts, adverse and anti-colonial analysis, in the eye of mind.
I was very happy with this.
This is me, using my standard team of training for memory competition.
It's a couple of organs and a security cards covered with tape leaving only two stores, because the distribution is the worst enemy of a memory competition.
I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before, I had the idea that I could enter in a kind of participatory journalistic experiment.
I thought this could be good enough for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the contact, something that I didn't have to happen.
Of course it's cute to be able to memorize speech, and phone numbers and shopping lists -- but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because it's based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And you don't need to be able to build memory patterns or magnificent bank balls, to benefit with a little bit of performance about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it's a gift of information, but it's not the case.
Great memories are education.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we concentrate deeply.
Memory patient. These memory techniques are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even true.
They work because they make us work.
They formed a kind of deep processing kind of processing -- a kind of complete attention that most of them didn't have to go around there.
But the reality is, there's no shortcuts.
That's how things are metabolized.
And if there is something I want to leave you today -- that's what C. the love I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, I left me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose from what is already our short existence of being lost in the Bangladesh or iPhone, not paying attention to the human being in front of us, who walks on our side. Are we so Hollywood that we don't even bother in processed in deeply.
I learned the first hand that there are incredible memory capacities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you must be the kind of person I remember remembering it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk today about the last 30 years of the history of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex topic, so we added just a complex place, New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I am from No, Jersey, I was six years old, and I lived there in my parents in a town called Libyan, and this was my child bedroom.
On the corner, from my bedroom. I was the bathroom that I shared with my sister.
And between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a boat that gave the room out.
And there they all had the rat watching the TV. So every time I went out of my room to the bathroom, everybody would see me, and every time I would get caught and come back into a towel. Everybody looked at me.
And I was like this.
It was tourist, insecure and hated it.
I hated that journey, hated that ball, hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
Listen it.
Those feelings that I felt, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about mathematics, not about division division, but from those visceral connections, emotional connections, that we feel in the places we occupy on.
And it's not surprising that we sit in that way, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency -- Americans spend 90 percent of their time under roof.
It's 90 percent of the time we're surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways we don't even realize it.
That makes us a little naive and very, very predictable.
So this means that when I show you a building like this, I know what it makes you, you think of "Start, "beloved and "such "state?
And I know that you think about it as a building in a building built 250 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a device that uses architects to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's an emotional connection that we have used this trick for a long, long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century in America, we use it to build houses.
Look, these stable subsequences, substance, front of the sea, stay out of the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is terrifying.
It's expensive, it takes a long time and it's very complicated.
The people who build the urbanization and the governments, always have fear of innovation, and they prefer to use ways they know they're going to work.
So we find buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Philipper Public Library that was ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and you know, it has a dome -- it has this round thing, columns color, bright captionisms, that let you face what Libyan is trying to communicate with this building, the children, the property values, the story.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, another library was over, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media media in the digital age.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to meet, read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both called libraries -- are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works according to the beginning of the phone.
On one side is innovation, architects that constantly drive new technologies, new teams, new solutions for today's life.
We drive, we go and we put so much, that we are completely moving out of people.
All black, this depends on us, you think we feel very good, but we're dead inside because we don't have another option.
We need to go on the other side and come back to connect with those appreciation symbols.
So we do that, and we're all happy, but we are all happy, but we feel like transitions. So we started experimenting again, we make the phone back back forward, over and over again. So we've done it over the last 300 years, and of course, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago, we went out of the '70s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called "compared.
It's got to do with concrete.
That can be done.
Small windows in scale.
Something really hard.
So we went into the '80s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We put the phone back in the other direction.
We take those ways that we know like and antibodies.
We added snow and add passions and use new materials.
They love it.
We're not going to give them.
We take Chicago creators and we turn them into skills, which can be marketed materials made of glass.
The forms are approaching, they won in audacity and color.
The eggs became column.
Cars grew up to the size of buildings.
A madness.
But they were the '80s, that was great.
We all spend the rat in commercial centers, we move to neighborhoods, and there, in the suburbs, we can create our own architectural fantasy.
Those fantasies could be to the member, the French or the Italian one.
You possibly have a sign of bread.
This is what happens with the prototype thing.
This is what happens with symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we recognize other places.
I know very well, and all of you know, this is not the Tasmanian.
This is Ohio.
The architects feel frustrated and we start to make the phone stream again in the other direction.
In the '80s and early '90s, we started experimenting with the so-called digital call.
We discovered historical symbols now we have new design design techniques and we find new companies, some ways that stars against other forms.
This is adaptation and embarrassing, and it's super improvising. You are totally expanding.
Normally, the submidday and a new opposite partner.
But then, something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building.
It's the Golden Georgetown, from Frank Gibette.
This building fundamentally changed the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Galloord said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when criticism, academics and public in general, were completely according to a building.
The New York Times is called this malaria construction.
The tourism in Bilbao increases a million percent when the building.
So suddenly, everybody wanted one of those buildings -- Los Angeles, Seattle, China, New York, California, Science.
Everybody wanted one, and George was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these forms and wild and radiation, how do you possibly become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because the media is based around them, and quickly we learned that those forms mean culture and tourism.
We've created an emotional reaction with these shapes.
They did the major mayor of the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and tortures.
This phenomenon of beginning in the new millennium, country with other star architects.
I went to Zahan and Linux, and what happened with these little elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually started to happen with all the architecture, digital media started to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think about how you consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, you'd have to walk up to the next village to see a building.
The transport is accelerating, you can take a boat, an airplane, you can be tourist.
The technology access. You can see in the newspapers, in the TV, and at the end, we are all architecture photographers beyond the physical location.
Architecture is everywhere, that means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It's not a long time to think about a building.
You need a lot of time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 buildings more, before you know the one that I designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there has never been good feedback in architecture.
That's how we find buildings like this.
The Brazilian was not a two year-old movement, but 20 years old.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much the declines were.
That's never going back to happen, I think, because we're in the threshold of the greatest revolution in architecture from the invention of the ant or the steel or the elevator. And it's the media revolution.
My theory is that when you apply the input to the media, it starts to get faster and faster, until it will be in both extremes almost in simulation, and it is effectively described by the difference between innovation and symbol, between us, architects and you, the public.
Now we can do almost instant symbols with emotional charge, something completely new.
Let me show you how the system works in a project that my company was recently.
We were hired to replace this building that includes it.
This is the center of a village called Poets in the state of New York City.
It's a community community.
But that meant two years before the building was over, it was part of the community, and as the drawings seemed exactly to the product, there was no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community. That first summer, when people started getting and shared in social media, the building stopped being just a building, it became a media, because these are not just images of a building, they're the images that you made of the building.
And as you use them to tell your story, they become part of the personal narrative, and that makes the collective memory, and when these symbols carry out, we learn.
That is, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell each other what we think about architecture, because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us, but they've changed the relationship between us and the buildings.
Think for a second in those libraries of Library.
If that building is built today, first we go to the Internet in search of "compared financially.
We would be bombarded with examples of experiment, of innovation, about what a library can be.
That's multiple.
Muslims that can lead to the mayor of Libyan, to people in Libyan, and tell them that there's no unique answer to what a library can be today.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom of experiencing it.
It's all different now.
The architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use very large and complicated drawings -- and you are no longer an audience that you don't see something that you haven't seen before.
The architects can listen to you, and you don't leave it influenced by architecture.
That means that the optimal phone from one style to another, from a movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find solutions right to the problems that are facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that tomorrow buildings will be very different than the buildings today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Service can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical imitation of red captures based on ideas of what a stadium should be.
That means that a few robots can build our buildings, because we finally will be ready for the forms that are going to produce.
That means buildings are attached to the whims of nature and not the opposite.
This means that a parking range in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sport or to put, or even one can be married at night.
This means that three architects can dream with swimming in the East River of New York, and to raise half a million dollars from the community together around that cause, it's no longer a client alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little box of records, so muscles and fibers like the animals that are going to observe.
Because no matter whether it's a cow or a robot that builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, what matters is what we build.
The architects already know how to make buildings more intelligent, smarter and more kind.
We've been waiting for all of you to want it.
Finally, we're no longer in opposite side.
Find an architect, contribute and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot in play.
Buildings not only reflect our society, but they give it to the smaller spaces, the local libraries, the homes where we shape our children, and the step of the bedroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Steven.
I just got a year and I started walking.
And it does it in that great way, typical of the children of a year, broken, as if their body was moving too fast for their legs.
It's totally beautiful.
And one of the things that I like to do for the moment is look at the mirror.
She really loves his reflection for her.
It gets together and block, and it gives itself those big and seasonal bands.
It's beautiful.
Apparently, all of your friends do this and my mom tells me that I used to do it, and I was thinking, when do you do this?
How is it that suddenly we're not to love with our appearance?
Because, apparently, we don't like it.
Every month, 10,000 people search in Google, "I'm forth?
This is Facebook, it's 13 years old and living in Denrer.
And as any teenager just wants to be dear and encourage.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for next week in school.
It has a little scary. It's a little confused because, even though your mom tells you all the mouse that it's beautiful, every day in school, somebody tells him it's ugly.
Among what his mom tells him and what his friends or their school friends tell you, he doesn't know who to believe.
So I made a video of it, I published it on YouTube, and I asked others to please please leave a comment -- "Am I nice or am I a fragment?
Well, until now, Face has received more than 13,000 companies.
Some of these are so unpleasant that I didn't even deserve the person thinking about them.
We talk about a healthy and normal and closed teenager, which gets these responses in one of their most emotionally vulnerable life.
Thousands of people are posting videos like this, in their most teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what's going to do this?
Well, today's adolescents are almost never alone.
They're under the pressure of being online and available all the time, talking to you, called them, saying, "I love it, to start, to share, to publish this -- this never ends.
Never before we've been so connected in a continuous way, so young.
As a mother said, "It's like a party in your room every night.
There's just no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from hand with that are impressed.
This environment, of being always connected, is accessible to our children to electron based on the number of "I love that they have and the kinds of comments they get.
There's no division between a life online and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what is real or what it isn't.
And also, it's very difficult to know the difference between what's authentic and what is digital manipulation.
What is most heartbreaking in someone else's life in front of what is normal in a daily context.
And where are you looking for inspirational.
Well, you can see the kinds of images that are covered by girls from now.
So expensive models continue to dominate our past.
The hardware technique is now a routine now.
And trends like Alexanders, Tesla, Saturday and Richard.
For those who deserve it. Rich means protection.
These trends are associated with women in the popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what young people are.
But kids are not immune to this.
It's like the supply stars of the sport, and the singers come down.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, we surely want our children to grow healthy and be very good individuals.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, to the price of all other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical skills, their studies and other aspects start to suffer.
Six in 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't look at good enough.
These are not trivial activity.
They're fundamental activities for their growth as human beings, and as they contribute to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in class arguments. They avoid participating in classrooms in classrooms because they don't want to call the attention for their physical appearance.
One in five are not attending classes at all during days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the test season, if you don't think you see enough enough, specifically if you don't think you're thin enough, you get a lower note to the average of your fellow who don't worry about the appearance of appearance.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland, United States and China.
And it turns out regardless of what these young young people.
So so that we are very clear, we're talking about how you see you, not how you really are.
The low sugar on its body is depressed the academic performance.
And it's also taking care of health.
Teenagers with little self-esteem perform less physical activity, they eat less fruits and vegetables, they participate in more dead diet than they can take them to a food sport.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people who surround them and are in greater risk of depression.
And we think it's about all of this because of what they make more addicted decisions like alcohol consumption and drug consumption, drug directions, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships to early ages and without all adverse damage.
The pursuit of the perfect body is bringing into the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe they have a contract again, regardless of whether they have or don't have higher rates of addressed.
17 percent of women are not presented to a job interview in one day that they don't feel safe with the way they see.
Think about what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity?
Leave this potential is in interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, I'll talk about it alone, you don't get very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms. The first one is that we have to instill trust in their own body.
We need to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-worth.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of well-intentioned programs, without realizing the situation.
So, we need to make sure that the program that our children follow not only will have a positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas -- the first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are completely critical points for any willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
An education is fundamental but we face this problem requires each of us that we take the mice in the issue, and we're a better model to follow for women and girls in our own lives.
It challenges the status of the status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to talk to the dawn of our politicians in the corner of hair or the size of their chest, or to increase that determination or success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a great beauty.
We need to start to judge people for what they are, not as they see.
And all of us can begin to take responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can choose people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you, when was the last time you had a spiritual mission?
In short, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as companies, to truly change our culture, so that our children grow up value all their people, value the individual, the diversity, the inclusion one.
We need to put people who are actually killing the difference in a periphery.
In order to make a difference in the real world, we make them be those who are going on the big screen because we just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where they think they can never be seen to be who they are, or to reach what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who have in mind?
Your wife ...
His sister?
His daughter ...
Her sandwiched for his friend?
It could just be the woman who is two seats away. What would they mean for her if he was released from that authoritarian voice inside his interior, which was happy to not have long legs -- the more thin mouths, a smaller view, a smaller feet?
What does it mean to her, if we knew this and would save your potential in that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is giving us all.
But let's teach our kids the truth.
We feel that the way that you see is just a part of your identity, and the truth is that we love them for those who are and what they do, and as they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools.
We change each one of us, the way we talk and compare to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the small tragedies of a year of age today becomes safe change agents of themselves tomorrow.
Let's do it.
On November five of 1990, a gentleman called Ellip Nature entered a hotel in Manhattan and killed the Mortary Kenyan Roose, the leader of the Jupiter Department.
Narrator initially called it innocent -- but it would be prisoner for other lower charges -- in company of others, they started planning attacks to about 12 icons from New York, including tunnels and symmetries and the United Nations.
Luckily, those plans were frustrated by an informant of the FBI.
Sadly, the 1990s bomb in the World Trade Center, couldn't avoid it.
Later, I would be convicted by its participation in that attack.
Ellanisth National is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being him an Egyptian engineer, with an American mother, a professional school teacher, between the two made all the possible for giving me a happy childhood.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, that very few, even most Muslims -- come to meet.
For experience, I saw that when people take time to interact, they don't need a lot to get to want the same things in life.
However, in all of religion, in every human group, there is always a small fraction of people who are very extinctional to their convictions that they think we need to use all the possible media for everybody to live like them.
A few months before the arrest he sat with me and explained that in the last few weeks, he and some friends, had been going to train in Long Island to practice.
He told me that I went with him the next day.
We got to the top of the distribution of the distance that without knowing our group, I was grateful by the FBI.
When I was taken up, my father helped me hold the corner in the shoulder, and I explained how to deal with about 30 meters.
That day, with the last bullet that I shot up to the little orange light on the goal and to surprise all of us, especially me, the whole goal was in call.
My uncle went to the others and in Arabic, he said "I are about a arm.
As a parent, a child.
All of us, the comment produced a lot of laughter, but just a few years later, I understood what they were so funny.
You saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted for putting a charge with 700 pounds of explosives in the underground parking of the North Trade Center -- causing an explosion that killed six people and helped another 1,000.
I admired those men.
They called them "beloved, which means uncle.
When I was 19, I already had moved 20 times. That instability during my childhood was not allowed to do many friends.
Every time I started feeling comfortable about somebody already was time to start and join another city.
As it was always me the new face of the class often was male victims.
And I consider my identity to avoid being the white, but it's going to be the new of the class, silence and reducing, was enough move.
So most of the time I spent it at home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons it was not developing social skills, to say literally -- for growing under families, I wasn't prepared for the real world.
I was educated to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators like their race or their religion.
So how could the eyes?
One of the first experiences that you put to test my way to think, was during the presidential elections of 2000.
In a prostitution program, where you participate in the National National Convention, in Philadelphia.
My group focused on the subject of youth violence. As I had been victims of killing almost all my life, it was something that I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from different printers.
One day, towards the end of the conversation, I discovered that one of the kids who had done friendship was Jewish.
I took several days coming out to light this detail and realized that there was no analogies between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend and frankly, I felt very proud to have been able to sell the barrier that all life had been done to believe that it was inflated.
Another crucial moment emerged when I got a summer work in Bush Banglad, a amusement park.
I found people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures, that experience was fundamental at the development of my character.
All life had taught me that the humor was a sin and by extension, all the men were bad influence.
By the way, I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most nice and less critical ones I had seen in life.
Having been a child, I developed a sense of empathy towards the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat the people -- exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
For that feeling I could contrast the stereotypes that had taught me as a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know how it is to be honest, but I know what is being judged by something beyond my control.
Then he came the "Standard Show.
Every night, Jon Stewart made me interrelated to my intuitions, and helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with character.
In many ways he became my paralyzed shape at a moment when I was desperately needed.
In occasion, inspiration can come from the unexpected, and that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life than my own father, extinct, wasn't in charge.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking to think, and she told me something that I would consider in my heart forever, while it's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes tired of somebody who's suffered enough with healthy influences and said, "I'm tired of hated.
At that time, I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all that hatred in your inside.
My real name is not Zack Egypt.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why did I decide to go out and put it in a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope somebody -- some day, who is trying to lead violence, I can hear my story and understand that there is a better way -- that even though I was connected to this violent and smart ideology I didn't get to make a fortune.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against precision.
I do it by the victims of terrorism, and for their loved ones, by the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced them in their lives.
For the victims of terrorism, we talked about those meaningless acts, as a rejection to my father's actions.
And with this simple surprise here as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that kids don't have to follow their parents' rights.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
At this point there is a film that's projected in your mind.
It's an incredible multitasking movie.
It's in 3D, and it has sound sound from what you hear and you see right now. But that's just the beginning.
Your film has service, taste and texture.
It feels your body, your pain, your hunger, your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, as a moment of your childhood that you project on your eyes.
And it has constantly a super-friendly voice in your conscious thinking.
The heart of the film is you who experience everything in the direction.
This film is your flow of consciousness, the subject of the experience of the mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of human being.
Every one of us is aware of it.
We all have an internal movie for you, you and you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know I have a conscious consciousness.
I have no certainty that you are aware of.
The consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't aware of it, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal movies.
Why are we not just robots we process what we receive to produce results without experiencing the internal film.
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science science.
Science, by nature, is objective for it.
Consciousness, by nature, is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost the entire 20th century, I predict that vision.
The psychology study the behavior. neuroscience studied the brain, but nobody mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Then, 20 years ago, everything started to change.
neuroscientists like Francisco Peter and physicists like Roger Peter said, "Now it's time for science to deal with consciousness.
And since then, there was a real explosion -- a flag of scientific work about consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations until the moment.
The center of consciousness science in recent years was the pursuit of corruption, correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw something about this guy in the fantastic work I presented Nancy Katrina a few minutes ago.
We now understand a lot better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces, or feeling happy or happy.
But this is still a corruption science.
It's not a science science.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you that this kind of work of neuroscience answered some questions that we want to explain the consciousness, the questions about what they make certain areas of the brain and what they correlate with.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
No offense to neuroscientists.
Actually, there's no easy problems with consciousness.
Because it doesn't address the real central mystery of this matter, why all of physical processes in the brain have to be accompanied by consciousness.
Why is there a subjective movie film?
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, give me a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like the blocks like the health, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical surveys are all cases of emergent behavior, how the submersibles work how the health works, how the health works, they adapt and adapt to the living organisms. They're all questions about objective work.
That could apply the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon, how we walk, how we talk about, how we play chess -- all of these questions about behavior.
But when it's about consciousness, questions about behavior are among easy problems.
But the hard problem, is the question of why is it that all behaviors are accompanied by a subjective experience.
And here is, the standard paradigm of the survey, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually doesn't have a lot to say.
I am a scientific mechanism.
I want a scientific theory of authority that works for a long time, and for a long time, I hit my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms.
But ultimately I got to the conclusion that it doesn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we're going to be in this point.
We have a character of wonderful explanations, great. We used to this, the physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit into this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are conscious.
We don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view in the world.
I think consciousness right now is sort of a animal, something that we need to integrate to our view of the world, but we don't know how we still know how.
With an animal like this, you can need radical ideas, I think we need ideas that at first seem crazy, before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Pennsylvania, who's here today, has one.
Their crazy idea is that there is no hard problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of the inner subjective movie includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you need to do, is to explain the objective functions, the brain behaviors -- and so you study everything you need to explain.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of pure resistant consciousness, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply to deny that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I am in a different direction.
In the time I left, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be private.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is critical.
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental capitalism, space, time and mass.
They put fundamental laws that governments, like gravity laws or quantum mechanics.
These laws and fundamental properties are not explained in terms of anything else.
On the contrary, they considered fundamental, and there is building the world.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental is attached.
In the 19th century Matthew discovered that you can't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass laws of Newton -- then you put the basic laws of the electrodes and put the electric charge as a fundamental concept that those laws government.
I think that's the situation we find with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas -- space, time, mass, load -- then for a matter of logic, you have to add the list.
The most natural thing would be to put awareness as a fundamental thing, a fundamental cause of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not an object of science.
It opens the way to make it scientifically.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass, physical processes.
The physicists sometimes say we want the fundamental laws that we can be in a spiral.
The awareness situation is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws that we could be in a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we look for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called passions, "Oh, for everybody, "I say, "I say, "I say, "I think -- in mind, every system is conscious -- not only humans -- the dogs, the mice -- the flies -- even the microbes of Rob Koran, the elementary particles.
Even a shop has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that the photons are smart or they think.
It's not that a shot can be full of distress when you think, "Hey, always traveling to the speed of light.
I can't go down and smell the robots.
No, so no.
But thinking is that perhaps photons can have some elements of raw feeling -- substances, some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little bit crazy for you.
How do anyone think something so long?
In part of this comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental -- like space, time and mass, is natural to assume that it can also be universal, like others.
It's also worth noticing that even though the idea seems to us, it is much less for people of different cultures, where the human mind looks more a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and most powerful way to find fundamental laws that relate thinking to the physical process, is to link consciousness with information.
Whenever there are information processing, there's consciousness.
They process complex influences, as in a human being, complex awareness.
Simple information processing, simple consciousness.
Something very exciting is that in recent years, a neuroscientist, Global Toronto, took this kind of theory and developed it with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information integration -- which I call it from the information -- that measures the information degree in a system.
And I guess Dad has to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible degree of information integration -- a high degree of five, a lot of consciousness.
And in a mouse there is a degree of information integration of information, such a significant degree of consciousness fairly important.
But when you get to the companies, microbes particles, the degree of five will say.
The level of information integration is less, but it's not zero either.
In Tanzania theory, there still will be a different level of consciousness.
I actually propose a fundamental law of consciousness, high degree of four, high degree of consciousness.
Also, another reason is that passion can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world.
physicists and philosophers have often observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations -- but it doesn't talk about the reality that underlies underneath.
So as Stephen Hawking, "Where is the fire of the effects?
From the vision that the physics equations can be left as they are, but they can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists basically do is describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts it fire in the equations.
In that vision, consciousness is not outside the physical world as a kind of addition.
It's right there in the center.
This vision I think, I think, the patient vision, has the potential to transform our relationship with nature, and can have very serious social consequences.
Some can be an intelligence.
I used to think that I should not eat anything that had consciousness, then I had to be very very very self-assembly.
If you're a distance and you accept that vision, you will have a lot of hunger.
I think you think about it, this tends to transform your vision, while what matters in ethical terms and moral consideration is not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What's about the artificial intelligence system in the Saturday movie, "Hello.
It's conscious.
According to the vision of the data, she has a complicated information processing processing that the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, you put a pretty serious ethical problem on the development of the smart computer systems and the ethics that you can zoom in.
Finally, you can ask for complete collective consciousness -- the planet.
Canada has its own consciousness.
Or a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience in a TED Talk, right now we have a TED collective consciousness, an internal film for this entire TED group, different from the internal movies of each partner."
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that needs to be serious.
So this vision vision, it's a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer in the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing, that from the second -- that it's universal.
Vision raises a lot of questions, many challenges, like, how those little bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness we know and we love.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we go through the right path towards a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, this is probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think we finally were going to discover it.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the right crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a small rural village in Vietnam.
I had a very normal profile, a low education profile.
I went to school, I joined my friends, I fought with my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came to my parents because I wanted to notice for a prize of the community.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very nice, but there's an obvious problem.
She actually hasn't gotten anything.  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades. After school, I had a low profile in my mother, and I spent a lot of time looking at the services "Service The Valley Saudi and "We Believe "The Creative.
Yeah, I know.
But they were right.
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take disability outside the equation.
Years later, I was going to be in the second part of the teaching part of Mexico in a high school in Mexico, just after about 20 minutes in the 11 million studies in the middle class -- a guy raised his hand and said, "Hey, when do you give your speech?
And I said, "What discussing it?
Well, I had been talking about the law law for about 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, your motivation speech.
When people in wheelchair talk about instinctive things in school?
"It is generally, in the act of active.
And then when I realized, this kid had had experiences with people with disability as an object of inspiration.
And we are not. And it's not blame of the guy -- it's true for many of us.
For us, the disabled people are not our teachers or our doctors or our metals.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire it.
And in fact, I'm on this stage like what I do in this wheelchair and you probably are waiting for you to inspire them. Right?  Yeah.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I fear extraordinarily defense.
I'm not here to inspire it.
I'm here to tell you that we have lied to disability.
Yeah, they've sold us the lie that disability is a bad thing. A massive one.
It's bad and living with a disability makes you extraordinary.
It's not bad and it doesn't make it extraordinary.
And in the last few years, we've been able to spread even more this lie through social media.
You may have seen images like this: "The only disability in life is a bad activity?
Or this one, "Your excuse is incomplete?
Or this one or this one is "being addressed, instinctively.
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a huge amount of them.
You may have seen one of the girl without hands drawing with a pencil supported by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with article from carbon fiber.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call property inspiration.
And it uses the term to deliberately be able to make a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we match disability in benefits of people without disabilities.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, motivate them, so that we can see them and think, "Well, for very bad that my life, it could be worse.
I could be that person?
But what if you're that person?
I've lost the account of the number of times that have been absorbed to me strangers to express that they think I'm brave or a source of inspiration -- and this happens to before my work had a public profile.
It was as if I was going to wake up in the morning and remember my own name.  And this is competition.
These images, those images are aware of people with disability in the benefit of people without disabilities.
They're there so that you can see it and think that things aren't so bad for you, or to put their concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something hard.
Let's get some things.
But the things that we know are not the things that you can think.
They're not relative to our bodies.
I use the term "maturity phenomenally, deliberately because I subscribe to the social model of disability that tells us that we are more disability because of the society that we live because of our bodies or diagnosis.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very excited with him.
It does the things I need to do, and I've learned to take the best of your ability as well as you do, and that's what happens with the kids of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything out of the common thing.
They are just using their bodies to get the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to cooperate in the way we do that, when we share those images.
When people say, "You're a source of inspiration, it tells you as a complex.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because they've sold us this lie that disability makes us exciting.
And honestly, it doesn't do it.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here to be shaped by inspiration and you think, "Oh God, Steven, aren't sometimes inspired by something?
And I know I am.
I learned from other people with disability at all time.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
I learned that this is a great idea to use a little bit of balance pieces to collect the things that fell to me.  I learned the income trick of how to load the mobile phone battery in the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from the force and resilience of others, not against our bodies and our diagnosis -- but against a world that excited and makes us.
I really believe that that lie that have sold us about disability is the biggest injustice.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote: "The only disability in life is a bad activity, the reason that that is lie, it's because it's not true, because of the social disease model.
A lot of smiles in front of a climb of stairs has never made it become a break.
Never --   I smile on a television screen won't make the subsidies for the deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and arranged a positive attitude to convert all those books to the bright.
It's just not going to happen.
I want to really live in a world where disability is not exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15 year-old girl, sitting in his bedroom watching the Valley Sauce," doesn't consider not to deserve anything for being in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disability that we're happy to get off the bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genetic achievement of people with disabilities. And I want to live in a world where an 11 degree child in a school school in Mexico is not a little surprise that his new teacher is a wheelchair user users.
The disability doesn't make us exciting, but they question what you think you know about what you do.
Thank you.
What do you have to see the augmented reality and the professional football, with the empathy?
What is the average speed of a breath without correctional.
Unfortunately, today I just answer one of those questions, so please don't get disappointed.
When people think about augmented reality, they think of "Small Research, and in Tom Cornell in the air, but the augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that happens in our days and happens because we have the tools for it, and people need to know, because the augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how did we get to the appropriate reality.
The first step is what I'm wearing, the Google Galapagos goggles.
I'm sure many are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that the Google Galapagos are a device that allows them to see what I see.
So let me experience what is going to be a professional demonstration in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe it.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you fill with your imagination.
We can use Google Galapagos, underneath a helmet and know what's running through the game field at 100 miles, the blood hitting your ears.
We can know that it feels like a guy from 180 pounds is chasing us, trying to decide with all its being.
I've been there and I assure you that it's not nice.
I bring some videos to show you what the Google Google is using under the helmet and give them an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of the GPS practices, because the idea of the emerging technology NASA is a submarine coming up on the surface. But we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Karachi, Come on.
It's horrible to be card.
A moment. Let's try a little bit.
President?
Go!
Chris Karachi, as you can see, is a profession of what is being launched in the football field, from the perspective.
They have noticed that they lack people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, cut from the University of Washington.
Field of field, Raisuddin 44, mice.
Blue eight, blue 8.
Chris Karachi, this is a little bit more feeling in the field, but it has nothing to do with being at the GPS.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, to be their favorite players, and have asked me in YouTube and in Twitter, "You can see from the angle of a field market.
or a room?
We want to experience that.
Once we have that experience with Gulf and Google Glass, how do we get to the line? How do we take it to the next level.
We took it to that level using something called Ocean Richard, which probably many of you know.
The Rift Ocean has been described as the most realistic virtual reality apparatus ever created, and it's not going to be cheaper.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh.
No, no, no. I don't want to keep playing it. No.
Oh, my God. Oh, my God!
SS: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain teaching for his life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we set up a video of Adrianne Peter crossing the line, destroyed from a disorder with the arm before we run and make an antibody? What will be the experience of a fan.
When it can be Morrosaur running through the show, throwing the ball at the bottom of the network? Or Denera doing a show in Wikipedia.
What would your experience be when I drop from a mountain to more than 100 miles, as a Olympic street.
Maybe you get the sales for adults for adults.
But this is not even increasing yet.
It's just virtual reality, RM:
How do we achieve augmented reality, RL:
By leveraging the augmented reality when the corners and the immediate and the owners see the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our equipments?
How do we use it to win partnerships?
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win. They give them money.
So, here is a brief resonance about the technology at GPS.
In 1975, Baltimore Pants put a board to their field market to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the NSA puts radio in the fields of field markets and then in the defenses.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2003, imagine that you're a player to go back to your group and see your next player showing up in front of you, in a plastic view that you wear possible. You won't have to worry about avoiding a player.
It is the strategy.
They just go out to the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if they don't follow their instructions, they lose parties, and they hate to lose parties.
If you lose the parties you wake up as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But augmented reality is not just a massive strategy manual.
The augmented reality is also a way of collecting information and using it in real time to improve your participation of play.
How do you do?
Well, a very simple option would be having a camera in every corner of the stadium, having a view from the top of the people behind it.
They also get information from house sensors and acceleration, something that's already working on.
And all of that information is sent to your players.
Good teams know how to send them.
The bad ones will have information.
This makes good teams of bad equipment.
So your computer team will be as important as your recovery, and the data analysis will stop being just for News.
It will be also for destruction. Who would have imagined.
How would it be in the field?
Imagine you're the field market.
You get the ball and you go back.
You look for an open receptor receiver. All of a sudden, a flag on the left part of your view tells you that a defense behind you is going to attack you, normally you don't see it, but the L.A. system gives you.
Go ahead to the protection area.
Another line tells you that there's an open receptor.
You take the ball down, but you will leave you.
And the ball loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land. However, the receptor sees in its view a grass area that lights and can modify the race.
It was appropriately, it grabs the ball and it runs and analysis.
The public pulled and the fans have followed the judge from each angle.
This is something that will create massive emotion in the game.
I'll make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The augmented reality will be part of the sports because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is, we want this to be the only use of the underwater reality.
We're going to use it just as bread and circle, like our usual entrepreneur.
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use augmented reality to foster the empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is, literally, will be in the place of another person.
We know what this technology is worth for sports lights.
It generates billions of income per year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the classroom trying to show a bee how harmful their actions are from the perspective of victims.
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how it lives to be perfect?
How much is it for a Hollywood College or a New York Delight to try to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science rather than true notes and Karnala notes.
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality is coming.
The questions we do, the decisions that we take and the challenges we face -- depend as always, from us.
Thank you.
I recently grab me after 23 years of service in the California pattern of California.
Most of those 23 years old, I gave you the southern end of the Marine County that included the Gallow Galapa.
The bridge is an iconic structure, basically known by its beautiful views of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean.
Unfortunately, it's a magnet for suicide, being one of the most useful places in the world.
The Gold Galapa bridge was open in 1977.
Joseph Stewarts, who engineer head to build the bridge, said that "The bridge is practically at the test of suicide.
Support from the bridge is not practical nor profound.
But from its openness, more than 170 people have jumped their death from that bridge.
Some people think they travel between the two towers will lead to another dimension -- this bridge has been immediately important as such as the fall from him will release you from all your concerns and pain, and the waters that go through clean your soul.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After one every four to five seconds, the body hits the water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact breaks the bone, some of which will prevent vital organs.
Most die in impact.
Those who don't normally join in the industrial water, and then they stopped.
I don't think that the ones who put this method of suicide will realize the death killing to which they face.
This is the cables.
Except around the two towers, there are 32 inches of steel steel to the bridge.
This is where most people go before they take their life.
I can tell you for experience once the person is on that edge, and at the darkest time, it's very hard to bring it back.
I took this picture last year as this young young man talked to an official presentation of his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we were successful that day to bring it back on the balance.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We started to channel the path through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who put the suicide but the officials as well.
We've gone a long way since then.
Today, veterans and psychologists training new offices.
This is Jason Garden.
I met it on July 22 last year when I got a call from a possible suicide subject sitting in the heart near the center.
He said, and when I came back, I looked at Jason talking to a bridge of the Global Galapa.
Jason was only 32 years old, and he had flown up here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up here two times before New Jersey to try to be suicide from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason -- he asked us if we knew the story of Panda box.
You remember the Greek mythology.
Well, one day, the curiosity could be more than Paul, and she opened the box.
And she came out of it, they were playing plans, and all kinds of evil against the man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us, "What if you open the box and there's no hope?
It stopped a few fashions, he leaned on the right, and he left.
This very smart and smart boy in New Jersey just took out of life.
I talked to the parents in Japan that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the family rabbi called me to see how it was.
Jason parents had asked him.
The damage colors affect a lot of people.
I posed these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a friend or someone loved by subsidies?
What would you say?
Did you know what to say?
In my experience, not only is you going to talk, but you have to listen.
Listening to understanding.
Don't argue -- no clothes, or tell the person you know how you feel, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the tipping point you need.
If you think somebody is suicide -- you don't have fear to confront and ask the question.
One way to ask them the question is, "Are you in similar circumstances have thought about ending your life, you've had these thoughts, right?
With the person in front of you can save life and be the inflection point for them.
Other signs to look at, despair, believe that things are terrible and they're never going to better, impossible, believe that there is nothing that you can do about it, social isolation, and a loss of interest in life.
I got this talk about a couple days ago, and I got an email from a lady and I would like to read her letter.
She lost his son on January 19 of this year, and I wrote this email just a couple of days ago, and it's with his permission, and he was broken that he read them.
"Hey, Kenya. I imagine you're at the TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go foot this weekend.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell many people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still quite insuling, but I noticed more moments of realizing that Mike would not go home.
Mike was driving from Peter to San Francisco to see the process of 49 with his father on January 19 with his father.
I never got there.
I called the police of Persian and reported it as a disaster that night.
The next morning, two officials came home and reported me that the car of Mike was down in the bridge.
A witness had seen him jump from the bridge to 1,200 in the evening of the day.
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be officially too weak to fight for themselves.
Who hasn't been before bad without suffering a real mental illness.
It shouldn't be so easy to end it.
My prayers are with your struggle.
The GDP, the Galapa Gallow Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay, not a cemetery train.
Good luck this week, Victoria.
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and go back the way her son took that day, and also the value to go ahead.
I'd like to introduce you to a man who I mean with hope and value.
On March 11, 2005, he responded to a radio call by a possible subject in the front of the bridge near the north tower.
I put my mom through the sidewalk, and I looked at this man, Kevin Berkeley, standing in the sidewalk.
When I saw me, I immediately crossed the balance, and it stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
For the time and a half later, I heard like Kevin talked about his depression and despair.
Kevin decided for his account that day back on that lane and giving life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, happy.
"This is a new beginning, a new life."
But I asked him, "What was what made me come back and give the hope and life another opportunity?
And you know what I told me?
He said, "My listening.
So let me talk and just listen to me.
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from the mother of Kevin, and I have that letter with me, and I would like to read you.
"Dear Bronx. Nothing erase the events of March 11, and you're one of the reasons that Kevin follows with us.
I just think Kevin was called for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it has been properly medicine.
I adopted Kevin when I only had six months, completely unconscious from all those inherited traits -- but thanks to God, we now know it.
Kevin is in order, like the saying.
We thank God for you.
Just in debt with you, New Berkeley Berney."
And at the end of her, she wrote, "Oh. When I visited the General Hospital Hospital that night, you will fund like the patient.
"I know I had to solve it."
Now, Kevin is a loving and missing father of society.
I speak openly about the events of that day and your depression with hope that your story inspire others.
The suicide is not just something that I've found in work.
It's personal.
My grandfather was suicide with poison.
That act, despite finishing your own pain, stole the opportunity to know it.
This is what the suicide does.
For most suicide people, or those who consider suicide, they didn't think about joining another person.
They just want their own pain to end.
Typically, this is only achieved by three ways, sleep, drugs or death.
In my career, I've responded and I have been involved in hundreds of mental illness and calls suicide around the bridge.
Of those incidents I've been directly involved, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Japan.
The other was a man who told him about an hour.
During that time, I shook my hand in three times.
In the final airport, I looked at me, and he said, "I feel it, but I have to go."
And I jumped up.
Horse, absolutely awful.
I want to tell you, however, that the vast majority of people that we get to contact in that bridge is not supposed to commit them.
In addition, those few people who have jumped out of the bridge and lived and that they can talk about it, that one or two, most of those people have said that the second they left the balance realized that they had made a mistake and they wanted to live.
I say to people, the bridge not only connected Mario with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that every single one of us should be striving for doing.
The suicide can be predicted.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world causes you to be what you're not, but inside your inner you know what you are, and a question makes you. How do you become that?
I should be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone in any way I'm alone.
When I became a model I felt that I finally had achieved the dream that I had since a girl.
My outside end with my inner truth, with my inner truth.
For complicated reasons, I was referring to the ones later, when I look at this picture, I think -- Germany, you get it, you get it.
But the October past, I discovered that I'm just beginning.
We all turn out our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of you have the value to release them, to get rid of the limitations imposed by the color color or the beliefs of those who surround us.
These are people who always defy the status quo -- which is considered access.
In my case, the last nine years -- many of my neighbors -- many of my friends, my agent, I ignored my story.
I think this one is called reveals reveals.
This is the mine.
I was recording as "I was, I was born because of the appearance of my generals.
I remember my five years in Los Facebook, in my house, I always took this t-shirt in your head.
And my mom asked me, "Why do you always take that t-shirt in your head?
I said, "Mom, it's my hair. I'm a girl.
I knew how to support it.
The gender has always been considered a immediate fact, but we now know that it's actually something more complex and mysterious stuff.
Because of my success, I never dare to share my story, not because I thought it will be a bad thing, but how the world deals with those of us who want to liberate them.
Every day I'm grateful to be female.
I have mom, Dad and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist god of compassion.
There is a Hindu goddess of the holes.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a party in the Philippines that I celebrated these puzzles.
I was in front of the stage, and I remember that this beautiful woman appeared to me, and I remember that moment as if something hit me -- this is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, I met this woman called TED.
It's the director of a beautiful beauty of beauty.
That night she said, "Why haven't you been involved in the beauty content?
He told me that if they were involved by her passengers and the deception list, and that night, it won in the bathroom ship, won in a galaxy suit, and it was third funded between over 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was inside the world of beauty.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was a beauty of beauty of women, but I know I can.
I also met the goddess of the desperate -- especially when we traveled to the remote provinces of Los Filoweneses.
But more importantly, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2001 my mom, who had moved to San Francisco, I called me and told me that I took my support of the green card that I could go to the U.S.
I was wrong.
I said to my mother, "I am developing me.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty record.
But then, two weeks later, I called me and said, "You know that if you move to the United States you can change the name and the gender identity.
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested me to put two to my name.
She also approached me when I was operating in Thailand at age 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities of Thailand actually perform the most prestigious surgeries, sophisticated and safe.
At that time in the United States, it was necessary to do the surgery before we changed the name and the gender.
So in 2001 I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driver's license, and the name of the female gender and the family gentleman.
It was a big moment.
For some people, their identity documents means being able to drive or power to get a sentence, but for me it was the license to live, to feel dignity.
Suddenly, my fears saw magnetic.
I felt I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and be model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think of this woman Albert New Monterey.
A young woman in New York who would kindly live his truth, but unfortunately, he ended up end to his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that you live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
Every 20 of November, we do a global view by the Day Conservation of Treating.
I'm on this stage because of a long story of people who were swimming and stood to the installation.
These are Mars Paul Johnson and Shanghai Riverside.
Today, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth, and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame.
I'm here, exposing it, so that some day is no longer visionary than 20 percent of November.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Do you do that?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  KT: Germany, a quick question.
George Rong: Sure. See, first of all, thank you with all my benefits.
To my network of support, my parents especially to my family, which is very strong.
I remember all the times that I've applied to young women -- you know, I've been originally, and sometimes when I was called me and told me that their parents were unable to accept me, I took the phone, called my mom and said, "Mom, you can call this woman."
Sometimes it works, other times -- it's just gender identity, that's what's in the center of what we are, right?
I mean, all of us hit a gender at birth, and what I try to do is put it on the table the topic that sometimes that non-lethal antibody, and that there should be a space that allows people to support them, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The movement translated, it's beginning to compare with the gay movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
It should be understanding.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope you're all my allies.
KS: Thank you. Very kind. Thank you. Thank you.
In many patriarchal societies and tribal societies, parents generally know about their children, but I'm one of the few parents who you know about their daughter and I'm proud of it.
Mala started his campaign for education defending his rights in 2007. And when they were shaking their efforts in 2011, the concert of the National Prize of peace, it was very famous -- a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, it was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity, the history of women is the story of injustice -- of inequality, of violence and exploration.
You see, in the patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when a child born, his birth doesn't celebrate.
It's not beautiful, not for your father, not for your mother.
The neighborhood comes up to the mother and no one happiness.
And a mother is overwhelmed by having a girl.
When I give birth to the first child, the first daughter, it gets sad.
When I give birth to the second daughter, it compared to you, and with the hope of a son, when you hit his third daughter, you feel guilty as a criminal.
Not only the mother, but the daughter -- the newly news -- when it grows up, I suffer too.
At the age of five years, when I should go to school, it stays home and the school admit to his siblings.
Until the age of 12 years, it has a good life.
You can fun.
It can play with your friends on the street, and it can move down the streets as a butterfly.
But when it comes into adolescence, when 13 years old, he was being promised to come out of his house without a male attack.
He's confined to four walls of his house.
It's no longer a free person.
It becomes the so-called honor of his father and his brothers and his family, and if they were carrying the code of that honor honor, he could even kill.
And it's interesting that this course code of honor -- not only affect the life of a girl, also affects the life of the male members of the family.
So this brother, sacrificing the joys of his life and happiness of his sisters in name of honor.
And there is a more of the patriarchal societies called obesity.
A good girl should be very fair, very humble and very subtle.
It's the criteria, the creature.
The model of a good girl must be carrot.
It is supposed to be silent and make the decisions of your father and your mother and the decisions of the elderly even if you don't want.
If you do it with a man who doesn't like it, or if you marry it with an old man, you have to accept it, because it doesn't want to be a delay television.
If you do it very young, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, they call it destruction.
And what happens at the end?
In the words of a poet, "The house, the shop, and then gives birth to more children and his daughters.
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, including the same lesson of obesity to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to his children.
And this vicious circle goes and on.
They loved brothers and sisters, when Malayan was born, and for the first time, they believe me, I don't like the newly news, to be honest, but when I was there and looked at his eyes, believe me, I felt extremely honored.
And a lot before I was born, I thought about her name, and it was fascinated with a legendary fight of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malayan de Malay, and he called my daughter so for her.
But when I stood up, they were all men, and I took my pen, and I brought a line of my name, and I wrote, "Shakespeare.
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half years and a half years ago, I admit it in my school.
You might wonder, why should I mention a girl in a school?
Yeah, I should mention it.
You can give it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in poor countries, in the patriarchal societies, it's a great event for child life.
In a school means the recognition of your identity and your name.
A advertising to school means it's entered the world of dreams and aspirations where it can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks before, when they were fulfilling the Canadian bombsight formation, and he was in the relative part of the family, I couldn't remember the attachment of some of my sisters.
And the reason was that I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document.
That's why I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give my sisters or his daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate intelligence and knowledge of my daughter.
The joy to sit with me when my friends come to see.
I encourage you to go with me to different meetings.
And all of these values, I've tried incredible in your personality.
And this wasn't just for her, just for Malawi.
I've spread all these good values in my school to girls and kids alike.
I use education for exponential.
I taught my daughters, taught students to forget the lesson of obesity.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called search.
They loved brothers and sisters, we fought for more rights for women, and we are ready to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights, and in particular, for women's rights.
It's called the talks.
That means a complete denial of women in all political, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools are lost.
Girls are banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use weapons and stop going to markets.
The musicians were silent, the substrate girls and the classrooms killed them.
They survived millions, but a few of them talk, and it was terrifying to have these people who kill and touch when you talk about their rights.
It's really frightening.
By the age of 10 years, Malaysia, and it was released by the right to education.
I wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog, he offered herself for the New York Times documents and spoke on every platform I could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It's spread as a click around the world.
And that was the reason why the Taliban could not tolerate their campaign and the October nine of October 2012, they shot him in the head.
It was a magic day for my family and me.
The world became a great black hole.
Whereas my daughter was debate between life and death, he whispered to my wife to my wife, "I would blame for what happened to my daughter to your story?
And it immediately said, "Please don't get off!
They depend on the right cause.
You put your life in play by the cause of truth, because of the cause of peace, and your daughter is inspired in you and you joined you.
Both of them were on the right path and God protects it.
These few words mean a lot for me, and I didn't ask myself again.
When Malaysia, I was in the hospital and had severe pain pain and heavy headaches because his facial nerve was cut up, I used to see a dark shadow that was spread by the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained out.
I used to say, "I'm good with my shoulder and my balance in my face.
I'll give you well. Please don't worry.
It was a consensus for us, and we were considered.
They loved brothers and sisters, we have learned from it how to reflect in the most difficult moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for the rights of children and women, it's like any 16 year-old girl.
He cried when he didn't finish his task.
I'm fighting with your siblings, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What's special in my joke that has made so audacious to Malawi, so expensive, expressive and effect?
I tell you, I don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
I don't cut your wings and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was operating the brain 18 years ago, and from that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I'm an engineer.
And I want to tell you that I recently joined the Manhattan Group of Google, where I've had a diagram to my burden -- Google X visualization division -- but all the work that I'm talking about today about the science of the brain, I did it before I used Google or outside my work there.
Having said this, there is a stigma when you get to a brain operation.
Are you still like smart or not?
If you wouldn't be like that, you could be smart.
After the neuroscience, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't the gray matter, but it was the dead sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neuroscientists.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide how to take, from more than a dozen powerful chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, die in a few hours.
Every day, over the last 18 years, I've had to decide about the combination and mix of chemicals, and try to get it, to follow life.
More than I've been saved by a time.
But luckily, I have a soul of extinction for what I decided to experience to try to get the optimal doses because there is really no clear map that says it in the seat.
I began to test with different mixes and I was surprised by seeing how small changes in the dose changed my agriculture, my sense of who I was, my way to think, my behavior with others.
A particularly impressive case -- for a few months, I tried to set up things and typical chemicals for a man in the 20s and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts changed.
I was always frankly, I thought all the time in sex, and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and   --  -- I mean, many times in the past I've known several kinds of guys like this, or maybe some advantage versions.
It turned out as a extreme.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be a arm.
In fact, I was trying a lot of inspiration, fixing a problem that I had in front of it, and it just didn't happen like this.
So I couldn't manage it.
I changed my doses.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go through. Since then I get better with men.
What I tried to do is to take those hormones and neuroscientists and others, and I was to recover my intelligence after the disease and the operation, my creative thought, my flow of ideas.
I dreamed almost always in pictures, and that became my key reference point -- how I get those mental images that I used to create prototypes, my ideas, if you want to try and try new ideas and recreate situations.
This kind of thoughts is not new.
Philosophers like Humbling, Desertification and Hong looked at things like this.
They thought the images and the mental ideas were the same thing.
There are those who have this idea, and there are many discussions about how the mind works, for me is simple, for most of us, mental images are fundamental for the thought of creating and invented.
So after several years, I managed to find the point right and I have already lots of great mental values, really videos, well sophisticated and good.
Now, I'm working on how to take these mental images from my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what happens if a movie director was able to use its unique imagination to address the world that has in front of the world."
Or if a musician could extract the music of his head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way that creative people can get to share the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to achieve this is simply to increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to getting to this with two recent experiments done by two groups in neuroscience.
They both use MRI technology, image by functional magnetic resonance to represent the brain. Here you can see the brain scan done by George Gates and his Harvard colleagues.
The column on the left shows the scan of a person who looks at an image.
The media column shows the scan of the brain of that same individual as you imagination, seeing that same image.
The column on the right is created to restore the contents of the central column of the left -- you see the difference is almost nice.
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagining seeing that same image is almost nice.
Now, let me share another experiment. This is the lab of Jack Gallows in Berkeley, California.
They managed to become brain waves in recent visual fields.
Let's put it in this way.
In this experiment, you showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos as their brains were spreading their brains to create a big act of brain reactions to the video sequences.
Then, I showed you a film with new images, new people, new animals, and as long as a new scan is recorded.
The computer, using just the brain information of the scan to tell it to show what seemed that the person was seeing.
On the right you can see the devices of the computer, and on the left, the video I showed you.
This leaves us drugs.
We're good about it.
We just need to improve resolution.
And now, remember that when you look at a picture and when you imagine that same image, you believe in the brain the same machine.
This was led to the brain scanning systems of the biggest resolution today, and its resolution was increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do that?
There are many techniques to do it.
One is to open the skull and introduce electrodes together.
I don't offer me for that.
Many are proposing new projection techniques for images -- even me, counting with the recent MRI result, first we should ask ourselves, this technology will be the end of the way?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with larger magnets -- but to this point, larger magnets only offer small improvements in the resolution -- they don't increase for thousands of us as we need.
I propose this idea, rather than larger magnets -- we make better magnets better.
We can create a lot more complex structures with slightly different arrangements.
And why does this matter?
In the last few years, a lot of effort in the MRI were to make really big magnets -- right?
However, most recent advances in receiving ingenious and brilliant solutions in coding and decline, in the transitions and regulations of radio radiation frequency in the MRI systems.
At its time, instead of a uniform magnetic field, we use structured magnetic patterns add to radio FM frequencies.
So by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FBI radio processing patterns, we can increase the information that you can extract in one scale.
Also, we can then divide our growing knowledge on the structure of the brain and memory to create increase in the thousands that we need.
By using the French we should be able to measure not just the flow of blood oil, but the one of the hormones and neuroscientists that I've mentioned and perhaps even direct neural activity. This is the dream.
We will be able to break our ideas directly to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go over language and communicate directly by thinking about thinking.
What would we be able to do?
And how do we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be irrational to use it as tools to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to the curve of Alzheimer's and similar disease.
We have a few more options than open this door.
Anyway, they chose a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that it took a lot more.
We need to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you this night about coming out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have armed.
His closet, maybe it is to tell some person for the first time that love or tell someone who's pregnant, or telling someone who has cancer, or any other hard conversation that you have gone through in life.
All code is a difficult conversation, and although our issues can vary tremendously, the experience of having lived and having come out of that crash is something universal.
It's fear, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
A lot of years ago, I worked on the South Side Wall Care, a restaurant in the city, and I was there, I had to go through several stages from the intensity of the military military intensity -- I didn't get my armpits -- I quote the letters of Ed da Francisco as a strand.
And I will be aware that by the hydrogen of my short screen and I would have affected my head recently -- I was usually asked by a little child, "Hey, are you boys or girl?
And it took a uncomfortable silence on the table.
I opened my jaw a little bit more, I took my coffee with a robot stop.
The father had analyzed the newspaper, and the mother threw a cold look at his son.
But I would not say anything, and it was helpful inside.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that next time I would say something.
I had that hard conversation.
So after a few weeks, again, again, again.
"Are you a boy or a girl?
A family silence, but this time I was prepared and I was about to come back in the female issues in the table.  I had the dates of Betty Francisco.
Global Stanford quote.
Even a fragment of the vaccines of the vaccine, I will show you.
And then I would breathe up and I throw my gaze and my backs, a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what is not a challenge for a feminist corner, just a girl with a question, "Are you a girl or girl?
And then I would breathe back back again, and I was able to blame about it, and I said, "Hey, I know this is a confidence.
I have the short hair like a child, and you see a child, but I'm a girl, and you know, as well as you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas.
Well, I'm more than a girl of a comfortable painted.
And that girl looked at me, paying attention, and he said, "My favorite pigeon is raped and has a fish.
Can you give me a fear please?
And that was it. Just "Oh, yeah. You're a girl.
What about the legislation that I plane?
It was the easiest conversation of all I ever had ever been.
And why? Because the girl of the legislation and I, both of them were honest with each other.
Just as many of us, I've lived in some conservatives in my life, and yes, often, my walls used to be an article.
But inside, in the dark, you can't know what color is the walls.
You just know how you feel living in a closet.
This is how my consumer is not different than you or your tea or the yours.
Certainly, I will give you 100 reasons why coming out of my closet, it was harder than coming out of it, but this is the issue -- the hard thing is not relative to it.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell you to explain somebody who has been declared in red banking is harder than saying it's been engineered.
Who can tell you that this story that I account is harder than telling your five year-old son that you go to diversify?
There's no more difficult thing -- there is only how hard.
We need to stop drawing what is difficult to respect what hard for someone else to make them feel better or worse relative to our closet, and we need to just feel empathy because we all live something hard.
At some point in our lives, we all live in arms, and they may make them feel security, or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you, no matter what your walls are made, a conservation is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine yourself 20 years ago.
I said, I had a horse tail, a dress and high shoes.
It wasn't the military lesbian prepared to fight any four year-old child coming into the coffee.
I was frozen by the fear of the fear of a corner of my dark closet, and I turned my gay graph, and the moving only one muscle is the most attractive thing I've ever done.
My family, my friends, completely strangers with the ones I've spent my entire life trying to do not decorative, and now the world was going back to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a guide that we've all followed for so long, but if you don't launch that graph, you will kill you.
One of my most memorable recording launches was in my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that many amongst the guests knew that I was gay, and when I was doing my lady barrels of honor -- in my black dress and step, walked around the tables and finally came to one where my parents were from my parents, people who knew me years ago.
And after talking a moment -- one of the women was like, "Go to Nathan Lama."
And the gay refugee battle had started.
"Did you ever be in the State?
"Well, yeah, the truth is, we have friends in San Francisco.
"Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard that it's fantastic."
"Shake, you know my Arabia station."
It's very good and never talked about having a girlfriend."
"How is your favorite TV show.
Our favorite program, Will and Grace and Greece.
And you know who love us, Japan.
Jack is our favorite.
And then a woman, desperate but waiting to show desperately his support, to make me know that he was from my side, finally said, "Well, sometimes my husband uses pink careers."
And I had an opportunity at that time, as you have all the graphics legal legals.
It could surely have been easy to indicate where they felt leading.
It's not very hard to find it and realize the fact that they were standard.
And what else can you ask someone, but works?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for the authentic you get.
That's how hard conversations are still not my strong point.
Ask anyone that I have come out.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Phantom girl.
Now, please see this through gay perspective, but understand that what it involves coming out of any conservation is essentially the same.
Number one: Be authentic.
Get the armor. Be yourself.
That girl in the coffee had no arm but I was ready for battle.
If you want somebody to be generous, others must know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be directions. Just say, "I resonate your parasites.
If you know that they're gay, they die.
If you say to your parents that maybe you might be gay, they will keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of hope.
And number three, and more importantly,  Let the complex.
You communicate your truth.
You have been apologize for that.
And some of you can go out safe wounds for what they've done, but they never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some of you are disappointed, but something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but you don't know them.
That's the story of them, but not from you.
The only story that matters is what you want to write.
So the next time you find in a dark dream of a graph, you must know that we've all been there before.
And you may feel very lonely, but they're not.
Thank you. Blueling. Enjoy the floor.
International, what is that?
If we look at the story of how intelligence has seen, a productive example has been the famous quote by Allah Rosed that "The question of if a machine can think of it as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can swim.
When Holly Ross wrote this as a critical to the pioneers of the computer as Alan Turing Asia.
And so, some years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms underlying intelligence.
Let's go back a step.
First, let's start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that you're from an alien race, you don't know anything about the biology of Earth or neuroscience of the Earth or intelligence of Earth, but you have incredible telescopes and you can look at Earth, and you have incredibly long lives, so you can see the Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as a terrorist, we know that the reason we are trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you are from an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, that you have no concept about the intelligence of Earth, you would be forced to develop a physical theory that explains how, until some time in time, the asteroids that will give the surface of a similar planet will stop doing it.
And so I guess this is the same question that the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I took a number of years ago, I analyzed a variety of issues through science, through various disciplines -- I think, to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology -- for example, there have been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be very applied to the development of intelligence, and in particular, for developing states that manifest diversity of possible future.
Finally, in the robotic movement planning -- there's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to leverage the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action with the end of doing complex tasks.
And so, taking all these different issues and putting them together, asking them to ask, for a number of years ago, there is a underlying mechanism for the intelligence that we could extract from all these different issues.
Is there just an equation for intelligence.
And I think the answer is yes. What you're seeing is probably the nearest equivalent to a and = to the intelligence that I have seen.
So what you're seeing here is a statement that intelligence is a strength, F. that acts with the end of maximize the future freedom of action.
I act to maximize the future freedom of action, or to keep open options, with a force T, with the diversity of possible future activity, yes, to an impending future time -- it.
In a few words, intelligence doesn't like to be trapped up.
Intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain open options.
And so in account this equation, it's natural to ask, what can you do with this?
How predictable is it?
Does the level of human intelligence.
Does the artificial intelligence.
So I'm going to show you now a video I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: Recently research in cosmology have suggested that the universes that produce more destruction, or "Maria, during their life should have tendency to have more favorable conditions for the existence of smart beings like us.
But what if that standard cosmic connection between entropy and intelligence inspired a deeper relationship.
What if smart behavior is not only correlated with long-term entropy production, but actually arises directly from it?
In order to find out, we've developed a software engine called English, designed to maximize the production of long-term entropy in any system in which it will be inside.
Amazingly, entropy could spend multiple animal I.Q. testing, playing human games, and even earning money eating action, all of them without having been asked to do that.
Here are some examples of Institute in action.
Just like a courage of foot without falling here, here we see Indian Andrew automatically controlled a coast using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave English a goal.
I just decided to balance the poetry.
This ability to balance will have applications for human robotics and human assistance technologies.
This capacity of tools will have applications in smart manufacturing and agriculture.
In addition, just like some other animals can cooperate by taking away from the opposite extremes of a rope at the same time to release food, here we see that entropy can make a version of the model of that task.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and a variety of other fields.
Internet is widely applicable to a variety of dopamine.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a game of putting against itself, illustrates its potential for the game.
So here we see Indian organized new connections in a social network where friends are constantly devices and keeps successful the network well.
This same ability of network organization also has applications in health care, in energy and intelligence.
Here we see Institute organized the routes of a ship fleet -- discovering with success and using the Panama Canal to expand the world from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, entropy is widely applicable to problems in autonomous defense and logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see Indian spontaneously discover and execute a strategy of computer, selling in a similar negative negotiation series of action by increasing assets under their exponentially.
This ability of risk management will have applications in finance and safe.
Alex Wikipedia. What you've seen is that a variety of brand of intelligent cognitive behaviors such as the use of tools, walking upright and social cooperation -- all of them are derived from one equation that leads to a system to maximize their future freedom of action.
Now, here's a profound irony here.
We went back to the beginning of the term of the robot, the work "The work, had always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber rebellion in it.
The machines will get up against us.
One of the biggest implications of this work is that maybe all of these decades, we've had all the concept of the neural rebellion to investment.
It's not that the machines first become intelligent and then manufacturing and they're trying to get away from the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse to take control of all the future future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence, that general intelligence can actually arise directly to take control instead of being backwards.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the target.
You often ask me, how do you look for goals that get rid of this kind of member?
My equivalent to that statement to go to the descendants to help us build artificial intelligence, or to help us understand human intelligence, is this: intelligence must be viewed as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid the constraints in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We're in a tipping point in human history, something between the consumer of stars and losing the planet we call "The "Called plant.
Although, in the last few years, we've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how the Earth is in the context of the universe.
The Kepler mission of NASA has discovered thousands of possible planets that orbit around other stars, which is that the Earth is only one between billions of planets in our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the light intensity of the stars when planets go through the front of them, and they block a little bit of that light that gets us.
The data collected by Kepler shows the sizes of planets besides the distance that there are between them and their stem star is.
Instead, this helps us understand if these planets are small and rocks like the terrestrial planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they get from their own.
In turn, this gives clues about whether these planets we find are hardware or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this train of potentially hardware worlds, our own planet is being delivered under the weight of humanity.
The year 2014, it was the most hot recording.
Glass and marine ice that have been with us from millions now now are disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've caused at the global scale have quickly supported our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a climate scientist, and I am not astronomy.
But I study the limitation of the planet influenced by stars, with hope to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say it looks for alien opportunities in the infectious sector.
Now, as someone very interested in the pursuit of life in the universe I can tell you that the more Earth-like planets to the Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invited to a comparison between the newly discover and the planets we know better, the ones of our solar system.
Let's take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and rock and despite being a little bit further from the Sun, it can consider a potentially habitable world to demonstrate this by a mission like the Keeing.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and partly that's why we study so much to Mars.
Our rocks like the "California, translated their surface in pursuit of clues of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit it, like the Millennium mission, take samples of the marriage atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their strings.
private companies now offer not only short space flights but also the prospect of living on Mars.
But despite all these marketing images remind us to the deserts of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with the ideas and the people compared to the Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the expansion of the predatory areas of our planet that are still coming up with color, really ecological places compared to Mars.
Even in the most seasonal and most elegant places on Earth, the air is fresh and removed by oxygen by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement by the colonization of Mars and other planets dragged up with a big and sad shadow, the implications and the belief of some that Mars would expect there to save us from this diagram of the only planet that we know is really hypertension, the Earth.
For a lot that I like interactive exploration, I'm deep to disagree with this idea.
There are many good reasons to go to Mars, but saying that Mars will be there to shake humanity is how to imagine that the Captain of Titanic will tell us that the training of truth will have a place later in the wild.   Thank you.
But the goals for interactive exploration and terrestrial preservation is not contrasting.
No, they're actually faces of the same coin, the goal of understanding and preparing and improving life in the future.
The extreme environments present in our world looks like extraterrestrial pandemics.
You just find yourself closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile areas and anti-generation areas, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
Let me leave you with a mental experiment, the Feynman paradox.
A lot of years ago, the physicist Enrico Fermi asked me, realizing that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there are many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of the existence of alien life until now.
Well, where are they?
Well, one possible solution to the Persian paradox is that when civilizations are becoming technical advanced enough to consider to continue to live between stars, they lose the notion of how important the planets are protecting the planets that make this development.
It's arrogant to think that only international collaboration will save us about ourselves, but planetary preservation and interactive exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to address Mars hostile environments for human presence, then we should be able to overcome the most easy task to preserve the waste on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I announced my own house.
And while I was in the front porch looking at my pocket, I realized I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that they were on the dining table, where he had left them.
So I quickly tried to open all the other doors and windows and all of them were closed closed.
I thought about calling a crack, at least I had my cell phone, but at midnight, a crash could take a long time to come in, and I was cold.
I couldn't go back home from my friend of Jeff to spend night because I had an early flight to Europe to the next morning, and I predicted my passport.
It turned out, but I sure it wasn't more expensive than a correlate at night, so I thought, despite the circumstances of the circumstances, it was okay.
I'm a professional neuroscientist, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
Leadership corner that increases heart rhythm, motivated the levels of adrenaline and clouds thinking.
And when I got to the holiday counter in the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a long time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I began to wonder, if there was something I could do, systems that I could put in its place, that I would argue that bad things happen.
Or at least, if bad things happen, that minimize the likelihood that it is total catastrophe.
So I got to think about that, but until a month later, my thoughts were not crazy.
I was sitting with my colleague Danny Karanney, winning from the Nobel Prize, and a little bit embarrassed to tell me that I broke the window, and I had forgotten my passport, and Danny shared with me that I had been practicing something called predictable reform.
It's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Korea, who had written from this a few years before, known as well.
Everybody knows what the passion is.
Every time there is a disaster, a team of experts comes and try to figure out what went wrong, right?
In the precision, as an explanation Daniel, you look forward and try to figure out all the things that could go wrong, and then try to figure out what can be done to prevent that things happen or to minimize damage.
So what I want to talk about with you is some things that we can do in the form of a precision.
Some of them are evidence, others are not so obvious.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, I would make a place for things that are easily lost.
This sounds common sense and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this text, based on how our spatial memory works.
There is a structure in the brain called hypertension, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a tracking of the location of important things, where the good is, where the fish are, which is in the frontal trees, where the friends and the enemies.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that is approached in London tablets.
It's the part of the brain that allows the careers to find their nuts.
And if someone actually asked the experiment, they cut the stress sense of the drinks and still they could find their nuts.
They didn't use the smell but the hippocampus, that very evolutionary mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason for losing the car keys, leadership and passions.
So in home a place for the keys, a hook alongside the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For your passion, a particular piece of pain.
For your reading goggles -- a particular metal.
If you get a place and you're sculpt with it your things will always be there when you look at them.
What about the traveled.
Take a picture of your credit card cards, license from driving, passing, send it for yourself to be in the cloud.
If these things are lost or robusts, this can make the substitute possible.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, your brain releases collapse.
The curtain is toxic and extensive thinking.
So part of the practice practice is to recognize that under stress we're not going to be at the best time, and you have to put the systems on its site.
And there is perhaps not more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we will all be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a wise one, to help us with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'll talk about a very particular medical condition.
But this is raised as a projection for all decision-making decisions, and in fact for the decision-making of financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take from a rational assessment of facts.
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I get the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little high?
Everybody knows that the high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease, attacks to the heart, drive brain.
So you're thinking that having the high cholesterol not the best, then the doctor says, "I'd like to give you a drug that will help you reduce the collection, a station."
And maybe you have heard about the statues, and I know it's one of the most profitable drugs in the world today. It's even likely that you know people who take them.
So you think, "Yes, you hate the station?
But there's a question that you should do then, a statistic that you should ask that most doctors don't want to speak, and the pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for NASA, the number needs to try.
And what is this, the NSA."
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or save a surgery in any medical procedure before they help a person.
And I need to think about what kind of statistics left is that?
The number should be one.
My doctor didn't recognize something if it wasn't to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not a blame of the doctor, and if it's fault of somebody, it's from scientists like me.
We haven't understood the underlying mechanisms very well.
But the stations of Ghana that 90 percent of drugs work only 30 to 50 percent of the people.
So the number needs to treat the most widely recovered statue -- what do you think it is?
How many people have to take them before they help a person?
300 percent.
This is in the research of the European researchers Jersey Browners and Pamela Harvard, interesting in independent by Bellies.
I myself explore the numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before we avoid a single heart attack, sleep brain or another adverse event.
Now you might think, "Well, one likelihood in 300 of running my cholesterol collection.
Why not -- doctor? Give the recipe for all of the ways.
But then you have to ask for a more, and it is, "Do you have the side effects. Right?
For this particular drug, side effects are produced in five percent of the patients.
And those include terrible things -- demographics and advertising pain and artificial pain -- but now you think, "The five percent is not very likely to happen to me, still to take medicine.
But a moment.
Remember that you don't think of climate.
So you think about how you take this over time, so you don't have to make the chain of reasoning in the act.
300 people take the drug -- right? A person has helped it, five percent of the 300 have side effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to go out of the drug that you will help you the drug.
I don't say they should or not take the stigma.
I just say you should have this conversation with your doctor.
The medical ethic requires it is part of the beginning of informed consent.
We have access to these kinds of information to start conversation about whether you want to take risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in the air for the value of the crash, but actually this number needs to treat it is quite typical.
For the surgery that is being done in the older men of 50,000 percent of the prostate prostate property, the number needs to treat is 49.
That's what it is, 49 surgeries for a person who has helped it.
And the side effects in that case are produced by 50 percent of the patients.
Those include the impossible or the erotic address, traditional unintended, reading record, fecal unexpected.
And if you get lucky, it's one of that 50 percent of the effects only a year or two.
So the idea of precision is to think of time the questions that you can put out of the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all of this in the act.
And they also want to think about quality of life.
Because you have a choice so many times, you want a more short amount of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain to the end."
These are the things that they talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
They can change in the heat of the moment, but at least you're trained in this kind of thought.
Remember, our brain releases collapse under stress, and one of the things that happens at that moment is that it takes a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Fair with a predator -- you don't need the digestive system, or the light or the immune system, because if the body is spending the metabolism in those things, it doesn't react with rationality. You might be able to be the lunch of lions so that it matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is the rational logical thinking -- like Danny Katrina and his colleagues have shown.
So we have to train to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we're all depression.
We are all going to fail in a while.
The idea is to think of the future how those factors, to put the systems in the place that will help minimize damage, or to prevent bad things to happen in the first place.
I picked up at night in Monterey, when I came back from my journey, my contractor installed me with a combination of combination next to the door, with a line of the entry door, a easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I haven't ordered -- and lots of email messages I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized but I see organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Pine, "Oh, it's my favorite musical symbols.
It means playing.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a present in the particle, you need to touch it more.
Two said, even safer.
Four emails, extremely smooth.
This is my drawing of a tribe of "Star there, you see that it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of Poets can have never come to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence, a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the story of the American American system, the AIDS, besides a little bit of my own story.
The French signs language came during the 1950s, and over the time of time, it mixes with local signs, and it developed the language that we now know as Alzheimer.
So, it has a story of about 200 years.
I was born deaf, and I was taught to believe that sound was not a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
But now I realize it's not true for anything.
Sound are a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a world of sound, it's as if I lived in a foreign country, following its rules, consumers, behaviors and rules without questionable.
So how do you understand sound.
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my aliens and they amplify sound.
I learned and copied that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sounds, and I've seen how people respond to it.
So I learned, for example.
"Don't shake the door."
"Don't do a lot of noise when you eat the barrel of private painted."
"Not arms, and when you're eating it, you don't drag the covers on the plane.
All of this is called sound "being South South Southern.
Maybe I think of the sound of sound more than the average person does.
I'm a vision of the sounds.
And I'm always waiting with news news, about which it's going to come next.
From there, this drawing.
Three, for deciding it.
TBP: Go ahead.
Thank you.
You can see that you have no notes on the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sound through the subtle and the floor birds.
In the deaf culture, the movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the signal for "constructively, in the AIDS.
A typical person has five lines.
However, for me, to do the self with my thumb that doesn't feel natural.
That's why in my drawings, I just have four lines on paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic resident there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painting.
During this summer, I visited museums and space of different galleries -- and as I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the trend and that called me the attention.
There was no visual art, everything was hearing.
Now sound has entered my territory of art.
Is it going to distance more from the art?
I realized it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it doesn't just experiment through your ears.
I can feel a tactile way, or to experience it visually, or even like an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the ownership of sound and integrate in my artistic practice.
And everything that had taught me at the point of sound, I decided to leave it and disappear.
I started to create a new body body.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, it was impressed with how much support and attention I got.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control, social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that sound was alien -- it was something from a previous person.
And the sound is so powerful that it could well give me to me and my artistic work, or I could give it to you.
I chose to give me up.
There's a massive culture around the spoken language.
And just because I don't use my crazy voice to communicate, to the eyes of society is like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me from equal and become my voice.
So I'm able to be relevant in today's society.
So in school, in work and institutions, I work with many different performers of AIDS.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, when you ask your voices, I'm able to keep a temporary form of value something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I don't continue with this practice, I feel that I could wake up in the forget and not have any social value.
So with sound like my new artistic medium, deep in the music world.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and AIDS.
For example, a musical note can't capture and express in paper.
And the same thing can tell you about a concept in AIDS.
The two are very spaces and highly modern things that means that subtle changes can affect all of the signals as much as the sounds of sound.
I'd like to share you a metaphor of the piano -- so you understand better how the island works.
So, imagine a piano.
Aurthatic is divided in many different galactic parameters.
If you assign a different score for every finger while the piano is played, like facial expression -- the movement of the body, the speed, the shape of the hand and like that, as the piano is touching the power, the English is a linear language, as if you just put a keyboard at a time.
However, the island is more like an access, you need the 10 fingers in a simultaneous way to express a clear concept or an idea in AIDS.
If only a keyboard will change access, it will create a completely different meaning.
The same thing about the music in terms of tone and touch and volume.
In Alex, by using these different gravitational parameters -- you can express different ideas.
For example, the signal site in that.
This is the signal in that.
I'm looking at you.
Look at it.
Oh, they called me.
Bush.
What are you looking at?
Oh, OK.
So I got to think, and if I look at warming through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeat it again and again, I could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the sign of "Star, the sun comes out and it gets up.
This is "The day.
If you repeat it and reduce speed, it looks like a musical piece.
All day.
I feel that the same thing can say about "The night.
"I am the night.
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about about three different kinds of nights, "Shakespeare, "Marine the night?  "All night.
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed in Alex and how the distance to the body can express changes over time.
For example, one is a hand, two heads -- it's two hands, the present becomes closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is in the back.
So the first example is "I have a lot of time."
Then "I say, "I have "beloved and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea.
"I think it's a music term with a specific rate of four times per company.
However, when I see the word "I am common -- I think automatically at "The same time."
Look at me, right hand. MT: Mom, left hand.
We have the tenderness through the head and the chest.
(Music: MIT, shoulder flag, (Music ends) (Music ends) My short flag, I'm going to teach you a form of your hand called "body flag."
Can you do it with me?
All of them in high hands.
Now we're going to do it so much in your head as the chest, something like the common "being -- or "The common?
Yeah, very good.
That means "business," in the international system.
The international system, as a note is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and sign languages around the world.
The second one that I'd like to show you is this: Please do it again.
And now this.
It means "great in the AIDS.
Now, the third one. Please sit again.
And again.
It's "Well "We are in the AIDS.
We're going to do the three together.
"They are "being "constructed and "constrained and "Western "shame."
Good job.
Notice how the three signs are very similar. They all happen in the head and the chest. But they transmit very different meaning.
It's incredible to see how the island is alive and predictable, like music.
However, today, we live in a very automated world.
And just because the squid has no sound, automatically no social value.
We have to start questioning what social value defines and allow the squid to develop its own value, without sounds.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn AIDS, and you don't have to hear to learn music.
The AIDS is a rich test and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience from our visual language.
And you never know, you can even fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Deb Karanness. Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents told me, "You can put it all, but then you have to clean it."
freedom implies responsibility.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in a bubble bubble or an ignorance bubble I should say, because adults lie us to protect us from the horrible truth.
When I get older, I learned that adults also include and that they're not very good to clean each other.
The country is now an adult and I teach a citizen and invention at the Hong Kong School School.
You don't have to wait a lot for my students to walk through the tropical beach with lots of garbage.
So as a good citizens, we clean the beaches, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if you are, I don't give it.
It's sad to say, but today over 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's a specialized thing.
And over the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big ships and networks -- to collect those plastic bits to study them under the microscope, and the lights and we collect this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive and it's also very risky to use those huge boats.
So along with my students, with the ages of six to 15 years, we were going to make a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
We started building this kind of adventure of additional work so that kids very cheap also can participate.
And I'll tell you, the kids who manipulate electrical tools are really cool and safe.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to plastic.
We collect plastic and reduce the size that we find in the ocean, which is very small, because of its failure.
That's what we do.
I left it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas in each child and try to combine them in something we expect it to work.
We decided instead of collecting plastic pieces -- we just collect information.
Through the use of a robot, we took a picture of this plastic -- kids are excited about robots.
And then we create quickly what we call "The Protocol.
We are so fast at creating prototypes that we ended up before lunch.
And we transform limits and web cameras, and we put it into a floating robot that moves slowly through the water and by the plastic that we have there, and this is the image captured by the robot.
We see plastic chunks floating slowly through the sensor while the computer of the ground process this picture and measuring the size of every particle to get an extinct estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this step-by-step invention in a website called "The "California, with the hope that someone gets the most even more.
The cool thing about this project is that students saw a local problem, and they are trying to fix them immediately.
(Audience research my local problem. But my students in Hong Kong are very well informed kids.
You see the news, you get the Internet, and you take this image.
A child, maybe less than 10 years, cleaning a oil spill, just using the hands in Subakaba, the largest mangrove forest in the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that you drink, is the water in which you bathe up, the water where you fish, the place where you live.
You can also see that the water is brown -- the mud and the oil also is from brown color, and when everything is mixed up, it's very hard to see what is in the water.
But there's a simple technology called specialists, which allows you to look at what's in the water.
We built a first prototype of a spectrum that can support through all kinds of substances that produce different spectrum, which can help identify what's in the water.
We took this prototype with a sensor and we sent it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or analyzing a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children.
(Audience research a problem at a distance. I was forced to make a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little bit further away, maybe I would add a harder problem, and also closest to me.
I'm half Japanese and half French and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they developed several giant waves called tsunami, and those tsunami destroyed several cities on the coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in a second.
It also gives the nuclear energy plant from Force -- a nuclear center near the water.
And today, according to the reports an average of 300 tons are still leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, all the Pacific Ocean has translators for demographics?
If we go to the west coast, we can measure the radiation of Force everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast -- and most of the time, it is safe -- it's blue.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've come to Force every year from the accident and research with other scientists, the soil, the river, and this time we wanted to bring children.
Of course we didn't get them, the parents didn't allow them.
But every night we informed the control center, here is the use of different materials.
It might seem like they didn't take the serious job, but they did it because they're going to have to live with the reputation all his life.
Together with them we discussed the data that is collected that day, and we talk about what we were going to do next, the strategies, the entrepreneurs, etc.
And to do this, we create a remarkable remarkable map of the region around the nuclear energy plant.
We created the electron map -- we introduced pieces to represent data in real time of religious, and we run water to simulate rain.
With this, we could notice that the radioactive dust is filtered from the top of the mountain to the broken system and destructive system in the ocean.
It was a stressful estimate.
But based on this we organized a civil expedition, the closest to the nuclear center to the date.
We went up to a mile of the nuclear center, and with the fish of the area of the area we were collecting the sea milk sediments with a season of sediment as we invented and built.
Here we see a progression -- we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open-source technologies and very simple technologies.
But at the same time, it's been increasingly frustrated because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways of doing all these things.
So the classroom became a little bit small, so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and we became the largest space to the social and environmental impact.
It's in the center of Hong Kong and it's a place where we can work with wood -- metal chemistry, chemistry, a little bit of biology, of optical -- basically, you can build almost everything there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where children dream can actually come up with adults, and where adults can be children again.
Students: carefully, acceleration.
Deal Hall, we asked things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help in the mobility of the advanced age population transforming their standard wheelchair in new electric vehicles.
Plastic, oil and releasing are terrible legal, but the worst legacy that we can leave our children are the lies.
We can't afford to protect the children of the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So, scientific citizens, creators service, sustainable, we should prepare the next generation to worry about environment and people, and so that I can really do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin caps, two radically opposite design.
One is made of thousands of pieces of steel, the other one from a single silk.
One of them is synthetic -- the other organism.
One is being imagined about the environment, the other one that creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other for it.
Miguel Angeles said that when he looked at the mouth in Brown, he saw a figure that was fighting for free.
The cycle was just Mark Angeles.
But living beings are not classified.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, cells, we take all the information that is required by every cell to work and to replicate it.
The tools also have consequences.
At least from the Industrial Revolution -- the world of design has been dominated by manufacturers of manufacturing and mass production.
The assembly lines have designed a world made of parts of parts of the world and the imagination of designers and architects to think about their objects as an agenda of discrete parts with different functions.
But you do not find angry materials in nature.
Think of the human skin, for example.
Our facial skins are thin with diagnostic portraits.
The skin skins are more thick with small periods.
One acts mainly as a filter, the other mostly as a barrier, and yet it's the same skin -- there are no parts, there are no anesthesia.
It's a system that has gradually vary its functionality through the variation variation.
Here's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world -- the double personality of every designer and architect to work right between the cycle and the gene, between the machine and the organism, between the entrepreneur and the growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and synthesis, is shown in the two screens after me.
My work, at its simplest level, tries to join these two visions of the world, taking away from the antibody and approaching growth.
You probably ask, why now?
Why could it not be possible about this 10 or even five years?
We live at a very special moment in history, a rare moment, where it confused four disciplines that offer access to the tools that we never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created it.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We designed objects, products, structures and tools through scale, of large-scale scales, like this robotic arm with a 24-hour scope of diameter with a very distant basis that some day not very far to print entire buildings, and graphic characters made of genetically modified microscopes that shine in the dark.
Here we have reinvent the card, an archetype of ancient Arab architecture, and has created a screen where every liberation is just to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explore the possibility of creating a layer and a floor, and this was for a fashion fashion from Paris with Iraq van Hero. It's like a second skin made from one piece, rule in the continents, flexible around the box.
Together with 3D printing collaborator, we printed this layer and flows 3D without correlations between cells. I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combined rigid and soft materials in the resolution of 20 miles.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a scanner scanner.
That designers have access to this high-performance analytical and synthetic instruments, allowing design products that are adopted not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at the same time, comfortable and also absorb sound.
Professor Carter -- my collaborator -- we went back to nature to inspire them, and by designing this profit surface pattern, it becomes substantial.
We print this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in radio, openness and color, corresponds to pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, varies its functionality not by adding another material or other analogy, but several continuously and defense the material property.
But is it ideal nature?
There are no parts in nature?
I didn't grew up in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories of the Hebrew Bible, and one of them was left and came to define a lot of what I care about.
As she releases, "In the third day of the creation, God sent the Earth to grow a fresh tree of fruit from frustrated.
For that first fresh tree, there was no difference between train, branches and leaves and failures.
All the tree was a fruit.
Instead, land made trees with branches and cortex, short and flowers.
The land created a world made of parts.
I often ask myself, "What would design be if objects made a piece of piece?
Let's go back to a better state of creation?
So we look for the biblical material, the kind of material of the French tree with fruit and we find it.
The second most abundant biodiversity on the planet is called the driver, and about 100 million tons of tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, crabs and supports and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies in the planet.
We thought that if we could synthesize their properties, we could generate dramatic structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it legal markets.  We asked a lot of career careers, the molecules and we produce the short password.
Several chemical concentrations -- we've been able to achieve a broad range of properties, from dark, hard and opaque, to light, soft and transparent.
To print the structures at scale, it built a system with multiple recordings of relative controlled control.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from one single material, 3,000 feet long, 100 percent recycled.
When the pieces are ready, they leave them apart to find a natural form of the contact with the air.
So why are we still designing with plastic.
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process will be used to contain pictures that came up for the first time on the planet three billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators in Harvard and MIT, we face the bacteria designed genetically to capture rapidly carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition without the problems of video to evil, and if it spread even more, in windows.
A French tree charge of fruit.
Working with an old material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water, and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we have transformed a structure made of vaccines in an architecture that behave like a tree.
And here is the best part, for objects designed for biometics, put in the sea, feeding marine life, and putting them on the ground, helping grow a tree.
The advertising for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We looked for the possibility of creating clothes to keep the life for the internal travel.
To do that, we should dominate bacteria and control their flow.
So as the periodic board, we did our own table of elements -- new forms of life created building analyzed analyzing and approached by biological form.
I like to think about synthetic biology like liquid attack, only instead of transmitting precious metals -- they synthesize new biological functions within very small channels.
This field is called microbial.
We print our own 3D channels, to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothing you combine two microorganisms.
The first is the literature.
It lives in our oceans and in the freshwater stairs.
And the second one, and the second, the bacteria that was happening in the human intestine.
One converts light in sugar, the other sugar consumption and produces useful biofuels.
But these two microscopes don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They are here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothes.
Think of it as evolution, not for natural selection, but for design.
In order to contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digestive trick, which will help you feed these bacteria and to add your way in your way.
So we started making those channels in the human body, several of the properties of the material according to the function.
If we wanted more photosynthesis, we make channels more transparency.
This pure digestive system -- when you stretch from one end to another, it's 60 meters.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our thin gut intense.
And here it is, as a TED cousin at TED, our first wearable picture, bright liquid channels with life inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Shenger said, "We are a market creation company, only half is done.
What if design provides the other half?
What if we could create structures that increase life matter?
What if we could create personal microscopes that would scan our skin, repair the damaged tissue and support our bodies.
Think about this as a way to edit biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D printer print material in layers.
You also know nature doesn't do this.
It grows up, Anderson with sophistication.
This capital of the worm -- for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture -- a home within which you metabolized.
The manufacturing is not about this level of sophistication.
It does it by combining not two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations in different concentrations in different concentrations.
An act as a structure, the other one is the glue or the matrix, using those fibers each other.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm first is inserted in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then starts to smell a computer capital.
The tension and the combination, the two forces of life, manifest in a single material.
In order to understand better how this complex process works, we put a small magnet to the head of a silk worm to the helicopter.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complexity architecture of the silk worm cycle.
However, when you put the silk worm on a flat dish, not within a box, we realized that it takes a flat cocoon and still constrained it.
So we started designing different environments, different agencies, and we've discovered that the form, the composition, the carbon structure, is transmitted directly by the environment.
You often have the silk worms to death inside your capitals, your silk gets rid of the textile industry.
We saw that they design these planning planning and we can shape the silk silk without a single capital.
They are confidently metabolized, and we could create these things.
So we started this process to the architectural scale.
We had a hydrogen robot making silk planning, and we put ourselves in our site.
We knew that silk worms migrated towards more dark and cold areas, so we use a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we create holes or hearts, to block the rays of light and heat, distributed the silk worms about structure.
We were ready to get the records.
We asked 650 worms from silk to a online silk farm.
And after feeding four weeks, they were prepared to smell with us.
We put them carefully on the lower edge of the scaffolding and as they were throwing up, creating them up, putting eggs, and life starts again, like us, but much, much more short.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the big integrity and it was right.
The short blood silk on the regular headline silk -- you give all this pavilion its integrity in.
And in a little bit more than two or three weeks, 65 windows of silk are six miles tall.
In a curious symmetry -- this is also the length of the silk route.
Polaries, after the thing, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 extra pairs in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A silk hole through a robotic arm, the other empty cows.
If the last frontier of design is to give life to the products and the buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers have to join these two visions of the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
Here is a new design era -- a new era of creation, which brings us from a design inspired by nature to an inspiring nature in design, which demands us, for the first time, we will make a burden of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Hands up if you ever asked them, "What do you want to be from?
If you had to remember what age they had when they first asked them for the first time.
You can show them with the fingers.
Three. Five. Three. Five. Five.
Now, raise your hand if the question "What you want to be better?
It's caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question, "What do you want to be from?
The problem wasn't that I had no interest, but I had too much.
I liked in school, I liked the English and the maps and the art and developed websites, and also, I played the guitar in a pan band called Telescope Francisco.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And in general, I like to try and persist anyway, for having spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time, this feeling of beer artists, this feeling of this, is no longer a challenge, it comes to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I am interested in something else, something completely different, and I'm sorry about it, and I let me absorb and I feel like, "Yes." I've found my month? And then again, this point where I start breaking.
And finally, I want to leave you.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to focus on that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first one was because I wasn't sure how I was going to turn all this in a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, I would deny all of my other passions, and I would go back to boring.
Another reason why I was so anxious was a little more personal.
I was worried that there was something wrong about this, and something bad about me because I didn't define anything.
I worry about having a fear of engagement, or being expensive, or subtle or to my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I'd like to ask you something that I would like to have made then.
Ask themselves, where they learned to allocate the meaning of bad or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it, they learned from culture.
We were wondering, "What do you want to be from?
When we have about five years.
And the truth is, no one matters what I told that age.
It's considered an naive question to provide cute answers in kids like, "Be astronomers, or "I want to be paper."
Imagine the speech of Tanzania here.
So this question is done over and over again as we grow in different ways, pure -- the students of high school are asked that they're going to choose in college.
And at some point, "What do you want to be from?
It happens to be the cute exercise of before what sleep takes us.
Why?
While this question inspired kids to dream with what they might be, it wasn't inspired with everything they could be.
In fact, it does right now, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't respond to 20 different things, but you might be able to do good intentional adults and say, "Oh, what a cute thing, but you can't be a violin and a psychological artist.
You have to choose it.
This is Dr. Bob Charles --  and he is artists of virtue and psychologists.
And this Amy Nike emergency magazine compared to electricity, businesses, teacher and creative director.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All I hear is they're going to have to choose them.
But it's more than that.
The notion of certain life is very important in our culture.
It's this idea of fate, or the real voice, the idea that every single one of us has something to do for your time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But if you're somebody who's not connected in this way?
What if there are many different issues that wake up their curiosity and many different things that you want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that frame.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel it doesn't have a goal.
And I feel like there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong in you.
You're a multiplying.
A multi-long is somebody with many interests and creative activities.
It's a button to say.
It could help if you divide in three parts, multiple, potential and day.
You can also use other terms that connect the same idea, as a tradition, reviews.
During the time of Renaissance, the ideal was who was well treated in multiple disciplines.
Barbara Shene refers to us as "Severey."
Use any term that you like or invest your own.
It seems like a kind of adaptive to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see the multi-to-one like limited or astronomy that you should see.
But what I've learned talking to people and writing about these ideas in my website, is that there are huge strengths to be like this.
Here's three self-controlled substitutions.
One, the synthesis of ideas.
That is, the combination of two or more fields and creating something new in the intersection.
Jay Harbortex and Rachel Berger expressed his shared interests in cardiovast, diagnosis of data, travel, mathematics and design, by fighting Montana.
Morning is a company that creates geographically inspired jewelry.
San and Rachel came up with this unique idea for his microbes of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in intersections.
That's what new ideas.
And the microbial with all their middle and they can access a lot of these points of interest.
The second military superpower is fast learning.
When the cybercriminals are interested in something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We're being frankly, for having been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less afraid of testing new things and coming out of our comfort areas.
A lot of skills are transferred to other disciplines and we bring everything we've learned to every new area we perceive so we rarely start from zero.
Neil Dallas is a full time sentence and independent writing.
As a pianist girl enabled an incredible ability to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest metal metal.
Before I became a writer, North was a financial planning.
He had to learn the moral sales mechanical when he started his practices, and this ability helps him write cooperative launch.
rarely it is a waste of time dedicated to what you get in, even if you finally abandon it.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you could not have anticipated.
The third multinational superpower is adaptation. That is, the ability to transform in anything you need in a given situation.
Abed Cambridge is sometimes director of videos, other pages designer, sometimes consumed from Kiribati, sometimes teachers, and sometimes apparently James Bond.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because it can take a different roles of roles depending on the needs of their clients.
The Fab Company magazine defined adapted as the most important skill for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so rapidly and inspiring that they are the individuals and organizations that can be released to satisfy the needs of the market, which they really thrive about.
Similarly learning ideas, quick learning and adaptability -- three skills where the microbial are very high, and three skills that could be lost if they're wired to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a big interest to foster the self-interests to be themselves.
We have complex problems, multi-to-one problems, right now, and we need no conventional creative thinkers to address them.
Let's say they are, in their heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly knowing because they wanted to be a peaceful neurosurgeon.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong in you either.
In fact, some of the best teams are competed from a specialists and a multiple multiple.
Specialists can dive in depth and put it in the ideas, and the multiplicity offers a knowledge of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that keep the way we are connected.
And unfortunately, the missions largely appreciate them to just be more like their specialized partners.
Once I said this, if there's one thing that you get from this talk, I hope it's this: I recognize with the internal card, whatever it is.
If you are a heart specialist, then especially for all the media.
That's where you get the best of it.
But for the missions in the room, including those who just had to realize being one of them in the last 12 minutes,  I tell you, I know with their many passions.
They follow their curiosity.
They explore intersections.
By embracing our internal wiring leads to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most importantly, multiplying the world needs us.
Thank you.
In 1989, a woman called Angeles took it to a psychiatric in Francisco.
He was attached to stopped and couldn't remember even the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Alex.
Alex didn't know how to help Australia, but he flew through her until that, unfortunately, passed in 1957.
After his death, Alex did a collapse and found strange plates and arms in the brain brain, a guy who had never seen before.
The most amazing thing.
If anybody had been living today, we couldn't give her more aid than the one that Aurora gave him 120 years ago.
Alex was Dr. Alaska Alexander.
And Alexandria Denia, the first patient in getting a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimers disease.
Since 1989, medicine has advanced a lot.
antibiotics have been discovered and vaccines to protect them from the infections -- many treatments for cancer, antiretroviral for HIV, status for heart and much more.
But it has been progressed in the treatment of Alzheimer's.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's for more than a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million across the world.
But in 2050, they affect 150 million that, by the way, including many of you.
If you wait to live until the 85 years or more, the possibility of Alzheimer's will be almost one of two.
In other words, there is the likelihood that they spend their days with Alzheimer's or helping care to a friend or being loved with Alzheimer's.
Already in America, Alexandria care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical care is spent in Alzheimer's disease.
Today is the most expensive disease, and its costs will give an increase of five times in the year 2050, as the baby baby generation.
It may surprise you, but Alzheimer's is one of the biggest medical challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively little to combat it.
Today, one of the top 10 causes of death from all over the world, Alzheimer's is the only one that cannot be predicted, cure or even release its development.
We understand less about Alzheimer's that of other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research that in Alzheimer's despite the fact that it costs us more the Alzheimer's and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause, the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what soon people know, but everybody should have -- the Alzheimer's is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 120 years, all of the time, the scientists -- consumed Alzheimer's with aging.
We think that they will be seduced in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But there's only a picture of a brain aging brain compared to the patient of an Alzheimer's patient to see the real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to destroyed a loss of memory and mental skills, damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer's reducing significantly the hope of life, and it's always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found plates and strangers in the brain of Asia a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know much about this.
Today we know that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds like a origami.
There are places on the paper that are paintings.
And when you plan good, these sticky dots end up inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
This makes the protein molecules pay each other, forming groups that can form large plates and antibodies.
That's what we see in the patient's brain.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this distribution works.
There are a lot of steps, and the identification of what step blogging is complex, like a bomb define.
I could do anything.
Compared to others can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocked it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, most of them have reduced the cables and sperm the best.
But now there is a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, genetics, social, physicists, engineers and mathematics.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process, and now you're testing a new kind of drugs that blocked specifically this step to stop the disease.
I'll show you some of our latest results.
Nobody outside our lab has seen it yet.
So let's see a few videos of what happened when I tested these drugs in worms here.
These are the healthy worms and you can see that they move normally.
These worms on the other hand, they have protein molecules that are putting each other inside them, as in humans with Alzheimer's disease.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms in an early stage, then we see that they know and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial result, but research like this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure it.
After 1950 years of waiting, there's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to grow that hope, to beat Alzheimer's -- we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We have to focus that Alzheimer's is a disease and that if we try it, we can sell it.
In the case of other diseases and patients and their families have gotten more research and exercise on governments, pharmaceutical industries, about scientists and legal legislation.
That was essential to move in the HIV treatment in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to beat cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk about themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims of their loved ones and night, are often too discovered to go out and advocate for change.
So it really depends on you.
The Alzheimer's isn't in most cases a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Australia, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
They help speak for them, and they help us demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article in the New York Times column in January of this year.
To love someone else, do this.
The article is a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and from my own experience by testing myself a night last summer.
So the procedure is pretty simple: two strangers are taken to make 36 questions increasingly personal and then both of them look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions of example.
Number 12. If you could wake up with a quality or skill, what would it be?
Number 28, when was the last time you cry another person?
And just since?
In the middle of the measurement, they are increasingly personal.
Number 30 -- I really like -- Tell you to your partner what I get out of him or her, I know very sincere this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to someone who you have ever met.
When I stumbled with this study a few years ago, a detail really called me the attention, the joke that two of the participants had spent six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony.
So, it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but since then, I was also intrigued as well.
And when I had the chance to test this study, with somebody who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to love it.
However, we fell in, and I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the Cole Love column, a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's all aggressive, so I guess some of you probably would ask yourself, are they still still asking?
And the reason I think this is because I've asked this question over and over the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
A week before the article was published, he was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had saved me to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog entrance can come to a few hundred views as a lot, and those were usually just from my friends in Facebook and imagine that my article in the New York Times would probably get a few thousand views.
And that raises a good attention of attention in a relatively new relationship.
But as he said, I had no idea.
The article was published on a Friday at night, and already the Saturday, this happened in my blog traffic.
And the Sunday, I've already called me the Talk Stanford and the George Museum America.
In a month, the article received more than eight million views, and I was, for saying something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster confidence to write with substantial experience, but another thing is to discover that life love of one has been international news, and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call or write, what they did every day for weeks, they were always doing first the same question: they still follow together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search at the mailbox of my email with the phrase, "Are you still still?
And several messages came immediately.
They were from students and journalists and strangers like this.
I was interviewed in the radio and asked it.
Even I gave a talk, and a woman shout up to the stage, "Hey Mandela where your gold is?
And immediately I got red.
I understand this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should expect people to feel comfortable to ask about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the answer of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have contributed life itself.
In fact, the New York Times published an artifacts for San Valley, who included the experiences of readers when I tested the study in them with different degrees of success.
So, my first impulse to all this attention was to be very research with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we both make a public emergence together.
It reduces television interviews, and the orders of pictures of us two.
I think I was afraid to become the invisible icon of the state process, a range for the one that I didn't feel at the absolute absolute.
And I understood that people didn't want to know only if the study worked, they wanted to know if they really worked -- or whether he was able to make love lost, not just an adventure, but love real, but love to lose.
But this was a question that I didn't feel able to answer.
My relationship had just a few months, and I felt about everything, that people were asking the wrong question.
How do you know if we keep together or not, and I also say?
If the answer was not, do the experience of doing these 36 less interesting questions.
Dr. Arthur Arizona wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997, and there, the goal of the researcher was not to produce romantic love.
Instead, I sought to encourage international approaches between college students, using what Iran called open personal opening and recording and recognizing.
Sounds romantic -- right?
But the study does work.
The participants felt more close after doing it. Several studies were also used to use the French Science protocol as a quick form of creating trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between the police members and the community, and they've used it between people of opposite political ideology.
The original version of the story, the original version of the story, who was starting to combine personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk on a little university university university, and then a student came up to me and told me with teacher. I tried the study and didn't work.
He seemed sorry for it.
And I said, "Do you want to say that you fall in love with the person who did it?
Well, he made a painting.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I said, but they became better friends?
I felt that I know that I knew better after testing the study."
The attention.
So, worked, I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he looks for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it's a love.
I stumbled with the study for the first time when I was 29, and I was walking through a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I had 20, which was basically all my adult life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how or could live without him.
So I got in science.
They invented everything I could find about romantic love science, and I hoped that that could sort of lived the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment, I thought I just research for the book I wrote but in retrospect, it seems really obvious.
I thought if I had the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel so bad and just like I felt then.
And all of this knowledge has been useful in one way or another.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more reducing.
I have more confidence to demand what I look for.
But I can also see more clearly -- and I can realize that what I look for is sometimes more than you can reasonably demand me.
What I look for love is a garden, not just to be love today and to be loved tomorrow, but that will continue to be a little bit insuling by the person I love.
It may be that this is the guarantee that people ask when they wanted to know whether we were still together.
The story that the media told about the 36 questions is that there can be a deception to love it.
There can be a way for some way to mitigate something from the implicit risk, and this is a very appealing story, because you love it makes us feel beautifully, but it's also frightening.
But I think when it's about love, we're very willing to accept the short version of the story.
The version of the story that I ask you to ask, still follow together?
And his content with an answer of yes or not.
So more than a question, propose that we ask more difficult questions, questions like, how do you decide who deserves your love and who doesn't?
How do you stay in love when things are committed, and how do you know when to cut and disappear?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably makes a relationship, or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your partner."
I don't necessarily know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to someone else.
So, if you want the short version of my relationship story, it's this one, a year ago, a meeting and I applied a study designed to create romantic love, we are still following together, and I'm very happy.
But let me wrap you is not the same thing as you're going to stay in.
England is the easy part.
So at the end of my article I wrote, love didn't happen.
We stayed in love because we took the choice to be.
And I was a little bit stressed by reading now, not because it wasn't true, but because at the time, I had not considered everything that I had that choice.
I didn't think of how many times we have both of you to make that decision, and how many times will you keep doing that choice without knowing whether he always chose me or not.
I want you to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, and I have chosen to love someone so generous and great and fun, and have expressed that choice in the largest newspaper in the United States.
But what I've done, instead, is to convert my relationship in the kind of myth that I don't really think about.
And what I look for, and what perhaps spend my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the happy employee on the title of my paper, which is, by the way, the only part of the article that actually didn't write.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose someone, and the hope that he also loves me, and it's scary -- but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by a mountain laughter and in a certain way I got a forest of the forest.
New York City does a time ago.  Something that really affected me but more details later.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a wooden box and buried a dollar of a dollar, a pen and a store on it somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some strange humans or a few aliens found this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example, how we eat spaces.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it has funny because here I am, 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes.
At a given moment I was in Hawaii, and I like to go out of expensive and do subject and all those weird things, and I was making a collapse for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I took it all the pages and I made a kind of cleaned cell to the Antarctic Martin style -- the retina covered and a bee was trapped up.
Well, my mother is afraid of bees, and it's allergic to them, so I added more retina on the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened. In some ways it seemed like it comes out of size, as if you look at the text with a magnifying one.
So I made more chambers.
This time, I began to add electronic elements, barriers, strange bottles that I was finding around the street, all I could find, because I was looking for things my whole life, trying to relate and tell stories about these objects.
So I got to draw around the objects, and I realized that God I can draw in space.
I can flow transition, drawing the same thing that is done around a hole in the crime scene.
And I took objects and I created my own specialized specialists of specialists.
First, balance, where you can make an idea.
Then I made some insects and creatures and creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the record layers.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was winning some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, to go to Silicon.
It was great, man.
At some point I became interested in the human form, sculptures of natural size with digital beings inside the layers.
It was great, except for one thing, married.
I didn't know what to do, because the retina was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing in the glass layers -- similar to the drawing in a window -- then on another window and another window, and I had all these windows together that made a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the retina.
So I did this for years, and my work crossed with something very big that I call "The "beautiful."
To the "shame," I was inspired by a big measure in "The Hollywood of Harvard Boston who is a painting at the Museum of Protocol in Spain.
Do you know that?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit close to your time.
Well, the "shallow? I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
Five meters long.
It has double face, so it's 10 meters of compassion.
It's a little bit weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left, it's Jesus and the long-terms.
There's a cave where all these creatures with heads of animals travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation to this analog mesh exchange where they hide.
This is where creatures with animals are headed to the factor, ready for suicide super-friendship in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised from thousands of elements.
This is a bird god tied to an approach.
Billy Graham is in the sea, the Hollywood -- the parallel plant of the depression, Wall, the Gore Bin Laden. There are all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
In all ways as well.
He's coming out of the ocean, and he spit oil in a hand while the other hand will get clouds.
Their hands are like batteries and it looks like a mythological being that holds the Earth and the cosmos in balance.
So it's one aspect of the "beloved."
It's a little bit a narrative.
That's the hand I spit in.
And then when you go on the other side, you have a travel, like a bird piece, and you choose clouds of this travel.
It also has a $1. a series of search that joins the "shallow."
Anyway, his tail press fire on the slope on a volume.
I don't know why that happened.
Things that happen, you know.
His tail ended up in a balloon or called the terrorist cards of 1986.
Have you seen them?
They did in the 1980s, as if they were baseball cards from terrorists.
Very close to your time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects. One is called "the "Compassion."
This is a six year-old project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each one is an archive of our culture, through media and materials are entirely, digital or members.
But each one acts as a kind of archive in a way of being human, and traveling in groups of 20, four or 12 at once.
They're like cells, they're together, they divide up.
And you can walk between them. I'm taking years now.
Each one is basically a microscope microscope that weighs 130 pounds with a human trapped inside inside.
This has a little cave in the chest.
That's the head -- it's the chest, you can get the input in.
I'm going to take you through the rest of the body, and there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers the penis or not, or whatever you have, a kind of adventure thing.
It's a quick record of these works because I can't explain for a long time.
We have layers. You can see.
This is a body part of half.
This has two heads -- and it's communicating between the two.
There are some pills that go out and enter the head of this strange statue here.
There's a little forest scene inside the tropical strength.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, just like the boxes we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a box of captains. It's called Period Wales.
Within this box there's a physicist -- a neuroscience, a painter, a music, a writer, a movie, a molecule, a school, a school arm that spreads all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We think of the box and all the people in the inside with each other as particles.
And I think that's how we change the world.
When you redefine who is and the box you're living in.
And together we came to realize that we are all together in this -- that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of countries, from borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made from the same matter and in the same box.
And if we don't start to exchange those things with dolphin and generosity we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you get your head?
Take a assistant.
But so that this pill has an effect against pain, first passes through stomach, the interests and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective and integrated system so that any drug drug effect in the body.
The defense, though, is that when you swallow any medications it hurt.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When you take antiretroviral drugs these are service to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase the recent CD.
But they're also known for their adverse side effects, in their most negative. Because in the time they take to the blood current. They divide, and worse even for the time they take to their destiny, which is where it's more important, in the warehouse of HIV.
These are regions of the body like the limited lymph nodes -- the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is invited and not easily into the blood canopy of patients who are accompanied by the therapy of the regime with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after treatment, virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with the current drugs which is a life treatment for going to be originally.
One day, I sat and thought, "Could we get the treatment directly to the depression of the virus, without the risk of distribution of the drugs?
As an expert scientist in law, the answer was in front of me, the lasers of course.
If you use in addition, for the care of wounds and surgery of diabetes, you can use it for anything imagination, including the infrared transportation of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open or to punch extremely small holes, that open and close almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
The best you wonder, "How is that possible?
We sent a little laser and powerful beam on the cellular membrane infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser broke the cell, whereas the cell absorbs the drug in matter of microscope.
Before you even realize, the hole is remembering immediately.
We're currently testing this technology in vitro or Peter plates, but the goal is to bring this technology into the human body, apply to the human body.
"What is that possible? You can ask.
Well, the answer is, through a device of three heads.
With the first head, which is our laser, we'll make an incentive on the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, is headed to the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an attempt that distributes the drug, releases it directly on the site of infection, while the laser is used again to keep the cells open.
Well, this doesn't look like a lot of time.
But one day, if it has success, this technology can lead to the total HIV eradication of the body.
Yeah. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all of the HIV researcher, in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've studied armed armed groups like terrorists, insulining or military organizations.
We document what these groups do when they're not shooting up.
My goal is to understand these agents generated from violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to nonviolent confrontation in the violence.
I do field work, in the world of politics and in library.
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost every conflict in course, because war has changed.
It used to be a discussion between states.
Not anymore.
Now it's a conflict between states and actors.
For example, from the 2750 posters of peace between 1970 and 2011, 1985 was fighting between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we need to understand these groups, we should even be involved in any process of successful conflict resolution.
But how do you do that?
We need to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons why they fight, how they do, but nobody looks at what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and policies are not related.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less delivering -- without a global vision.
Today's armed groups are complex organizations.
For example, the tree would lead, known by its violent face against Israel.
From its creation in the 1980s, Health has also established a political party -- a network of social services and a military device.
Similarly, the Harvard Palestinian, known by his suicide attacks against Israel, also adopted the Gaza Francisco since 2007.
So these groups make more than just shooting up.
They're multiplicity.
They established a complex machine of communication, radio stations, TV channels of Internet and strategies in social networks.
And here you have the IMF magazine -- it's printed in English and published to recover.
Archive groups also invest in a complex recovery of funds without satellite, but by reminded businesses, for example, construction companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds, to get better and build their brand.
Archive groups also do something more, create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they build hospitals, they put into a professional training program or metaphorical.
Hands offers all these services and more.
Art groups are also trying to conquer the population to offer something that the state doesn't go, security and protection.
The ascent of the Taliban in an Afghanistan driven by the war or even the beginning of the Islamic approach, can also understand the efforts of these groups for providing security.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by the government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the electoral victory of 2006 2006 cannot understand without recognizing the social work of the group.
It's a really complex scenario, even in the West, when we look at armed groups, we just think about the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are hydrogen.
They grow because they fill gaps left by the government, and they emerge like armed and political groups, engaging in violent struggle and government.
And the more complex and sophisticated ones are these organizations, less we can charge them as something opposite to a state.
How do you call a group like Hanshmereed.
They put part of a territory, they made all their functions -- they collect the trash, they affect the self-assembly system.
Is it a state? It's a redefined group.
Or maybe it's something else, something new and different.
And what is IRSCA?
The lines dependent down.
We live in a world of states, with no state and hybrids, and the more weak states are the states, as in the Middle East, more intervention, and they fill that gap of non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to counter these groups to have to invest more in a military tool.
To fill that governance of government has to be in the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important to establish and consume peace.
If we understand the armed groups, we understand better what incentives offer to foster the transition of violence to not violence.
In this new district between states and non-state actors, military power can win some battle, but it won't give us peace or stability.
In order to achieve these goals we need long-term investments to fill that security vacuum to fill that vacuum of government that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are really, but fear that agreed openly the tag of "The "Children, would be unfair for families.
I'm a feminist but pretty bad.
And therefore I was abstract as a bad family.
Or, at least, I wrote an article and a book called "The Bad Family, and then in the interviews, people started calling the Malawate Feminist.
So what started as a personal joke challenged myself and a deliberate proposition, has become something larger.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth and at the age of 20 years I had strange ideas about the families, these people lung, angry with men and they hate sex. As if that was bad.
Today, I see how women treat women around the world and anger, in particular, seems a perfectly reasonable answer.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that I was using the people when I was inspired that I could be female.
Being labeled as a feminist was an attack, a taboo and unexpected word.
They tagged me as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, which he asked too much, with high self-esteem and dare to believe that it's equal or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that red woman, until you realize that it's actually that woman, and you can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I grew up, I started accepting that I am, in fact, feminist and also, proud of it.
For me, certain claims are artificial, women are equal to men.
We deserve the same source for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want it, and it's free or violence.
We have the right to use easy and accessible the contraceptives and the reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, without the need for legal control or evolutionary colleagues.
We have the right to respect.
There's more.
When you talk about women's needs, you have to get in account our other identity.
We're not just women.
We're people with a different body, gender expression and religion and sexuality and social condition, skills and much more.
We have to get in account these differences and how we affect us, in the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion, our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are evidence, but to be clear, I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There's a lot of things that make me a bad family.
I have another consciousness.
When I drive the job, I hear rap music painting to all volume.
Although the letter defines women, and I was profoundly obsessed by the classic "Called Shakespeare, from the New Bear Twitter is incredible.
"I really do with your little mountain.
Period, day, move until you make your board.
Think about it.
Put poetry, right?
I'm completely driven by my musical taste.
I firmly believe in the work of man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  -- all the domestic tasks -- but also killing insects -- the cardinal capture, the heart care and the magnificent manipulation.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
It enjoy the fashion magazines and the beautiful things.
I can see "The Bangladesh, and the romantic comedy -- and I have adaptive fantasies of the stories of somebody who are really made.
Some of my cars are more destroyed.
If a woman wants to adopt his husband, it's his choice, and I'm not who to judge it.
If a woman decides to stay at home to raise their children, they accept that choice, too.
The problem is that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is consumed so that it makes women economically vulnerable when they choose it.
We solve this problem.
It reminds the conventional feminist that has ignored or disappeared historically the needs of color women, workers and metabols and transgendered women, in favor of white women, high-tech and high class.
Listen, if that's good feminism -- I'm a very bad family.
It also happens next -- as a feminist female, I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency of putting families stuck into a periphery.
We hope that they destroy perfection.
When we display us, we recorded them with a lot of taste from the same periphery where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster, I think I am a desert of that newspaper before you try to put it there.
Too many women, particularly innovative and sector, are afraid of being labeled as families.
They are afraid to stand up and say, "Yes, I'm a female, for fear of what that tag means -- for fear to not be able to be able to be able to be able to be a little bit of realistic expectations.
Let's take for example, or like I call it, the Dan.
In the last few years it's a declared feminist family.
In the Video Music Fairs of 2012, at MIT, I ended up in front of the word "baby" of three feet tall.
It was a magnificent show, to see this star star embracing the feminist and making women know women who will be feminist is something to be proud of.
I spent time, the cultural critics started interesting debates if Beath was or not exactly feminist.
They catch their feminism instead of just believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We demand perception of the families, because we're still struggling for a lot, we want a lot -- we need so much.
We go far beyond the sensory and construction critic to do the feminist of any woman -- shaped it until nothing left.
We don't need to do that.
The bad feminist, or rather, a more inclusive feminist is the point.
But what happens next?
We went out of recognizing our impacts to give them out, move to action and be a little bit more valuable.
If I hear degraded music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy to provide a universal supply.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until we express change effectively to their profit.
It's certainly hard.
Why does your music have to be so passionate."
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions are assuming this makes it harder for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my niece, three and four years.
It's two gorgeous girls, decided and brilliant, and also very valuable. I want you to grow in a world.
Where you care about the strong creatures that they are.
I think of them, all of a sudden, the best option is being visited as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program is treating sexual violence against women as sports -- the Game of translator.
We can change radio embracing when we hear songs that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to the cinema on the other part when movies don't treat women more than their decorative objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their partners as a car supermarket.
In any case, men, especially white men, heterosexual men can say, "No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine participating in your project, or working with you, until it doesn't include a single number of women, so much to participate as to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your public, or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people.
Those of us who are supporting but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also be able to be included until more like us are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision.
We're not perfectly perfectly. Without these efforts, without embracing these positions -- our achievements are going to mean very little.
We can make these little act of courage and expect our decisions to get to the top, people in the direct power and film producers and music, Chinese, legislation, people who can make great decisions, more courageous, to create a durable and significant change.
We can also claim to value our feminism -- well, bad, or any of any kind.
The last line of my book "The Females, he says, "To be a bad feminist to not be at all."
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say, especially because I hate my voice was stolen and feminist helped me recognize me.
There was an incident.
I call it increased to make what happened.
A few kids tell me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
They treated me like nothing.
I started to believe that it was nothing.
I stole my voice, and after all I didn't think I could say something that could matter.
But I was writing.
And with it I went back to writing.
I grew up in a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and of women who looked like me and understood what I meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned how to write as myself.
I found my voice again, and I began to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and feminist, I also found that if it was a little bit brave, another woman could hear and see and realize that none of us is the nothing that the world is trying to say we are.
In a hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I hold the fact that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist -- I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my way to think, what I say and what I do, without leaving everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope we can all be a little bit brave, when more you need such a value.
Just after Christmas last year, 14 children in California had a grant for having visited Dictionary or being exposed to somebody who had been there.
The virus then broke the border with Canada, infected over 100 children in Okage.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles.
There is an effective vaccine against this since more than half a century ago, but many of the kids involved in the Dictionary outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something that was even worse, the autism.
But a moment -- it wasn't the article that drives the policy on autism and distributed vaccines, desperately and marked by being a fraud from the British Medical John.
I don't believe most intelligent scientists that the theory that vaccines cause autism is a study."
I think most of you know, but millions of parents around the world are still afraid that vaccines are putting their children in danger.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the rise estimates of autism in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism is considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician who had heard about her creating all their professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, prevalence estimates continued to stable as only three or four children per 10,000 children.
But then, in the 1990s, the numbers started shooting up.
Free organizations as form of funds like autism resonate to autism as an epidemic, as if I could put it from another child in Discovery.
What's going on?
If you're not the vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people from the Center of Disease Control Center what's going on, they tend to be based on phrases like "making diagnosed diagnosis, and "There is best detection of cases to explain these growing figures.
But that kind of language didn't make a lot of the fears of a young mother who looks at the face of his two year-old son, the visual contact of it.
If diagnostic criteria had to expand them, why were they so robust at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1980s.
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less to do with slow progress and causes of science that with the seductive power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how they discovered, but that story turns out to be false. And the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact in global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of the autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of the clinical literature.
This second story tells us everything about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist -- Leo Kara, in the hospital Johns Hollywood. In 1957, Kanzi published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to be having private worlds -- none of the people around them, even to their own parents.
They could fun for hours by holding their hands into their faces, but they were prey from the panic by metal as when he didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
Over the basis of patients treated in their clinic, Kanzi speculated that autism is very rare.
By the decade of 1950, as a major authority of the world in the subject, I declared that I had seen less than 150 true cases as long as I picked up references of places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not surprising, because the criteria of Karachi for autism diagnosis were very responsibility.
For example, we argue to give that diagnosis to children with configurations, but now we know that the epidemic is very common in autism.
He once realized that he had become nine in every 10 children sent for other doctors to be autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kanzi was a smart man, but part of his theories were not ceremonies.
It takes autism as a form of child psychologists caused by cold parents and disappointment.
These kids, he said, have remained carefully in a refrigerator.
At the same time, however, wise noticed that some of their young patients had special skills that fit in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphony before they were coming back two years.
When his mother put one of his favorite talks, he correctly said, "Look.
But Kanzi had a bad opinion of these skills -- they were making things like the kids were simply recording what they had heard their favorite parents, desperate to win their approach.
As a result, autism became a source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own well, becoming invisible to the world in general.
And amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s, that researchers started testing the theory of Kenya that autism was weird.
Land Wiron, cognitive psychologist in London, thought that the theory of the brain mothers in Karachi was pretty stupid.
She and his husband John were warm, affectionate people, and they had a profound autistic daughter called Susie.
Landying and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Sunseas without special education, no special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Health Service, they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, Lander and their colleague, Judith Golden decided to do something that should have done 30 years before.
They did a study of autism prevalence in the general population.
They brought a suburb from London called Carrence to try to find the autistic children in the community.
What they saw left clear that the Kosovo model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some children couldn't talk at all, while others were imprisoned in their fascination for astrophysics, in dinosaurs or in the overall of the treatment.
In other ways, these kids were not going to fit in beautiful and terminal squares as English, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the monkey model of Kanzi would have predicted it.
At first, they were lost by trying to make sense of their data.
How did nobody have lost these kids before?
But then Luria found a reference to an article published in German in 1958, the next year to the article in Kara, and then he was forgotten, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kanzi knew about this article of competition, but he avoided straight in his own work.
There was no even one translation to English, but luckily, the husband of Landying spoke German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative history of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Apple, who led an integrated clinic with an internal school in Vienna, in the 1930s.
The ideas of Vietnam for teaching children with learning differences were even progression for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with class of exercise with music, and kids follow their games in the afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents to cause autism. They expand the description as a political disability for life that required compassionate forms of support and adaptive spaces during the course of all life.
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients, they came to call them their little teachers, and they dedicated to help in the development methods that were especially right for them.
Fairy seriously, Vietnam saw autism as a diverse continuum that builds an amazing variety of pain and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common, and they always have been, watching aspects of this continuum in artists known in pop culture like shock social scientist and teacher professor.
He was beyond even saying, for the success in science and art, a piece of autism is essential.
Latin and Judy found that Kanzi was wrong in which autism was infected, as well as parents were causes.
In the next few years, they worked in silence with the American Association of psychology to expand the criteria criteria that would reflect the diversity of what they call "The Australia "The Audience:
By the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes entered virus, holding the limited model of Kanzi for an embarrassing and including Vietnamese.
These changes don't fit in red hair.
Carry, when Landying and Judy worked between toilets to reform these criteria, people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before "I have November Harry, in 1985, only a small circle, I knew what autism was, but after the anti-power actor of Daniel Hussein as Ramasses Barry and the recognition of "The Man with four awards from the Academy -- paper, psychologists and teachers and fathers around the world knew what autism was.
At the same time, they introduced the first easy clinical trials to use to diagnose autism.
I should no longer have a connection with that little circle of experts to get a diagnosis for her son.
The combination of "The Man Change, the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network effect, a perfect storm of autism consciousness.
The number of diagnosis began to electron -- like Lady and July, in fact they hoped that it was -- getting people with autism and their families finally got the support and the services that they deserve.
So Andrew Warren came to blame vaccines for increased infections in the diagnosis -- a simple, powerful, and secret story was so bad as the theory of Kenya that autism was infection.
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one in 65 children in the United States are in the spectrum -- it's right, the autism are one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have joined the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzles to solve by new medical advances -- it takes the term to celebrate the varieties of human cognition.
One way to understand neuroscience is to think of terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows doesn't mean it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distributed -- and it was socially surprised, and it suffers from an attention deficit to detail.
Indeed, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching America, who believed that "the "Bank, for the most inexhaustible aspects of autism are found in understanding teachers, employees with capacity, support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named Zambia Zackson once said, "We have all the hands in covered to give you the ship of humanity.
As we navigate to an uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges we face as a society.
We can't afford to wake up a brain.
Thank you.
